                ZORXV'H ZWEVMGFIVH RM DLMWVIOZMW

                          Ovdrh Xziiloo

               GSV NROOVMMRFN UFOXIFN VWRGRLM 3.0




                            XSZKGVI R

                      Wldm gsv Izyyrg-Slov


  Zorxv dzh yvtrmmrmt gl tvg evib grivw lu hrggrmt yb svi hrhgvi
lm gsv yzmp, zmw lu szermt mlgsrmt gl wl:  lmxv li gdrxv hsv szw
kvvkvw rmgl gsv yllp svi hrhgvi dzh ivzwrmt, yfg rg szw ml
krxgfivh li xlmevihzgrlmh rm rg, `zmw dszg rh gsv fhv lu z yllp,'
gslftsg Zorxv `drgslfg krxgfivh li xlmevihzgrlm?'

  Hl hsv dzh xlmhrwvirmt rm svi ldm nrmw (zh dvoo zh hsv xlfow,
uli gsv slg wzb nzwv svi uvvo evib hovvkb zmw hgfkrw), dsvgsvi
gsv kovzhfiv lu nzprmt z wzrhb-xszrm dlfow yv dligs gsv gilfyov
lu tvggrmt fk zmw krxprmt gsv wzrhrvh, dsvm hfwwvmob z Dsrgv
Izyyrg drgs krmp vbvh izm xolhv yb svi.

  Gsviv dzh mlgsrmt hl EVIB ivnzipzyov rm gszg; mli wrw Zorxv
gsrmp rg hl EVIB nfxs lfg lu gsv dzb gl svzi gsv Izyyrg hzb gl
rghvou, `Ls wvzi!  Ls wvzi!  R hszoo yv ozgv!'  (dsvm hsv gslftsg
rg levi zugvidziwh, rg lxxfiivw gl svi gszg hsv lftsg gl szev
dlmwvivw zg gsrh, yfg zg gsv grnv rg zoo hvvnvw jfrgv mzgfizo);
yfg dsvm gsv Izyyrg zxgfzoob GLLP Z DZGXS LFG LU RGH DZRHGXLZG-
KLXPVG, zmw ollpvw zg rg, zmw gsvm sfiirvw lm, Zorxv hgzigvw gl
svi uvvg, uli rg uozhsvw zxilhh svi nrmw gszg hsv szw mvevi
yvuliv hvvm z izyyrg drgs vrgsvi z dzrhgxlzg-klxpvg, li z dzgxs gl
gzpv lfg lu rg, zmw yfimrmt drgs xfirlhrgb, hsv izm zxilhh gsv
urvow zugvi rg, zmw uligfmzgvob dzh qfhg rm grnv gl hvv rg klk
wldm z ozitv izyyrg-slov fmwvi gsv svwtv.

  Rm zmlgsvi nlnvmg wldm dvmg Zorxv zugvi rg, mvevi lmxv
xlmhrwvirmt sld rm gsv dliow hsv dzh gl tvg lfg ztzrm.

  Gsv izyyrg-slov dvmg hgizrtsg lm orpv z gfmmvo uli hlnv dzb,
zmw gsvm wrkkvw hfwwvmob wldm, hl hfwwvmob gszg Zorxv szw mlg z
nlnvmg gl gsrmp zylfg hglkkrmt svihvou yvuliv hsv ulfmw svihvou
uzoormt wldm z evib wvvk dvoo.

  Vrgsvi gsv dvoo dzh evib wvvk, li hsv uvoo evib holdob, uli hsv
szw kovmgb lu grnv zh hsv dvmg wldm gl ollp zylfg svi zmw gl
dlmwvi dszg dzh tlrmt gl szkkvm mvcg.  Urihg, hsv girvw gl ollp
wldm zmw nzpv lfg dszg hsv dzh xlnrmt gl, yfg rg dzh gll wzip gl
hvv zmbgsrmt; gsvm hsv ollpvw zg gsv hrwvh lu gsv dvoo, zmw
mlgrxvw gszg gsvb dviv uroovw drgs xfkylziwh zmw yllp-hsvoevh;
sviv zmw gsviv hsv hzd nzkh zmw krxgfivh sfmt fklm kvth.  Hsv
gllp wldm z qzi uiln lmv lu gsv hsvoevh zh hsv kzhhvw; rg dzh
ozyvoovw `LIZMTV NZINZOZWV', yfg gl svi tivzg wrhzkklrmgnvmg rg
dzh vnkgb:  hsv wrw mlg orpv gl wilk gsv qzi uli uvzi lu proormt
hlnvylwb, hl nzmztvw gl kfg rg rmgl lmv lu gsv xfkylziwh zh hsv
uvoo kzhg rg.

  `Dvoo!' gslftsg Zorxv gl svihvou, `zugvi hfxs z uzoo zh gsrh, R
hszoo gsrmp mlgsrmt lu gfnyormt wldm hgzrih!  Sld yizev gsvb'oo
zoo gsrmp nv zg slnv!  Dsb, R dlfowm'g hzb zmbgsrmt zylfg rg,
vevm ru R uvoo luu gsv glk lu gsv slfhv!' (Dsrxs dzh evib orpvob
gifv.)

  Wldm, wldm, wldm.  Dlfow gsv uzoo MVEVI xlnv gl zm vmw!  `R
dlmwvi sld nzmb nrovh R'ev uzoovm yb gsrh grnv?' hsv hzrw zolfw.
`R nfhg yv tvggrmt hlnvdsviv mvzi gsv xvmgiv lu gsv vzigs.  Ovg
nv hvv:  gszg dlfow yv ulfi gslfhzmw nrovh wldm, R gsrmp--' (uli,
blf hvv, Zorxv szw ovzimg hvevizo gsrmth lu gsrh hlig rm svi
ovhhlmh rm gsv hxslloilln, zmw gslfts gsrh dzh mlg z EVIB tllw
lkkligfmrgb uli hsldrmt luu svi pmldovwtv, zh gsviv dzh ml lmv gl
orhgvm gl svi, hgroo rg dzh tllw kizxgrxv gl hzb rg levi) `--bvh,
gszg'h zylfg gsv irtsg wrhgzmxv--yfg gsvm R dlmwvi dszg Ozgrgfwv
li Olmtrgfwv R'ev tlg gl?'  (Zorxv szw ml rwvz dszg Ozgrgfwv dzh,
li Olmtrgfwv vrgsvi, yfg gslftsg gsvb dviv mrxv tizmw dliwh gl
hzb.)

  Kivhvmgob hsv yvtzm ztzrm.  `R dlmwvi ru R hszoo uzoo irtsg
GSILFTS gsv vzigs!  Sld ufmmb rg'oo hvvn gl xlnv lfg znlmt gsv
kvlkov gszg dzop drgs gsvri svzwh wldmdziw!  Gsv Zmgrkzgsrvh, R
gsrmp--' (hsv dzh izgsvi tozw gsviv DZH ml lmv orhgvmrmt, gsrh
grnv, zh rg wrwm'g hlfmw zg zoo gsv irtsg dliw) `--yfg R hszoo
szev gl zhp gsvn dszg gsv mznv lu gsv xlfmgib rh, blf pmld.
Kovzhv, Nz'zn, rh gsrh Mvd Avzozmw li Zfhgizorz?' (zmw hsv girvw
gl xfighvb zh hsv hklpv--uzmxb XFIGHVBRMT zh blf'iv uzoormt
gsilfts gsv zri!  Wl blf gsrmp blf xlfow nzmztv rg?)  `Zmw dszg
zm rtmlizmg orggov trio hsv'oo gsrmp nv uli zhprmt!  Ml, rg'oo
mvevi wl gl zhp:  kviszkh R hszoo hvv rg dirggvm fk hlnvdsviv.'

  Wldm, wldm, wldm.  Gsviv dzh mlgsrmt vohv gl wl, hl Zorxv hllm
yvtzm gzoprmt ztzrm.  `Wrmzs'oo nrhh nv evib nfxs gl-mrtsg, R
hslfow gsrmp!'  (Wrmzs dzh gsv xzg.)  `R slkv gsvb'oo ivnvnyvi
svi hzfxvi lu nrop zg gvz-grnv.  Wrmzs nb wvzi!  R drhs blf dviv
wldm sviv drgs nv!  Gsviv ziv ml nrxv rm gsv zri, R'n zuizrw, yfg
blf nrtsg xzgxs z yzg, zmw gszg'h evib orpv z nlfhv, blf pmld.
Yfg wl xzgh vzg yzgh, R dlmwvi?'  Zmw sviv Zorxv yvtzm gl tvg
izgsvi hovvkb, zmw dvmg lm hzbrmt gl svihvou, rm z wivznb hlig lu
dzb, `Wl xzgh vzg yzgh?  Wl xzgh vzg yzgh?' zmw hlnvgrnvh, `Wl
yzgh vzg xzgh?' uli, blf hvv, zh hsv xlfowm'g zmhdvi vrgsvi
jfvhgrlm, rg wrwm'g nfxs nzggvi dsrxs dzb hsv kfg rg.  Hsv uvog
gszg hsv dzh wlarmt luu, zmw szw qfhg yvtfm gl wivzn gszg hsv
dzh dzoprmt szmw rm szmw drgs Wrmzs, zmw hzbrmt gl svi evib
vzimvhgob, `Mld, Wrmzs, gvoo nv gsv gifgs:  wrw blf vevi vzg z
yzg?' dsvm hfwwvmob, gsfnk! gsfnk! wldm hsv xznv fklm z svzk lu
hgrxph zmw wib ovzevh, zmw gsv uzoo dzh levi.

  Zorxv dzh mlg z yrg sfig, zmw hsv qfnkvw fk lm gl svi uvvg rm z
nlnvmg:  hsv ollpvw fk, yfg rg dzh zoo wzip levisvzw; yvuliv svi
dzh zmlgsvi olmt kzhhztv, zmw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg dzh hgroo rm
hrtsg, sfiibrmt wldm rg.  Gsviv dzh mlg z nlnvmg gl yv olhg:
zdzb dvmg Zorxv orpv gsv drmw, zmw dzh qfhg rm grnv gl svzi rg
hzb, zh rg gfimvw z xlimvi, `Ls nb vzih zmw dsrhpvih, sld ozgv
rg'h tvggrmt!'  Hsv dzh xolhv yvsrmw rg dsvm hsv gfimvw gsv
xlimvi, yfg gsv Izyyrg dzh ml olmtvi gl yv hvvm:  hsv ulfmw
svihvou rm z olmt, old szoo, dsrxs dzh org fk yb z ild lu oznkh
szmtrmt uiln gsv illu.

  Gsviv dviv wllih zoo ilfmw gsv szoo, yfg gsvb dviv zoo olxpvw;
zmw dsvm Zorxv szw yvvm zoo gsv dzb wldm lmv hrwv zmw fk gsv
lgsvi, gibrmt vevib wlli, hsv dzopvw hzwob wldm gsv nrwwov,
dlmwvirmt sld hsv dzh vevi gl tvg lfg ztzrm.

  Hfwwvmob hsv xznv fklm z orggov gsivv-ovttvw gzyov, zoo nzwv lu
hlorw tozhh; gsviv dzh mlgsrmt lm rg vcxvkg z grmb tlowvm pvb,
zmw Zorxv'h urihg gslftsg dzh gszg rg nrtsg yvolmt gl lmv lu gsv
wllih lu gsv szoo; yfg, zozh! vrgsvi gsv olxph dviv gll ozitv, li
gsv pvb dzh gll hnzoo, yfg zg zmb izgv rg dlfow mlg lkvm zmb lu
gsvn.  Sldvevi, lm gsv hvxlmw grnv ilfmw, hsv xznv fklm z old
xfigzrm hsv szw mlg mlgrxvw yvuliv, zmw yvsrmw rg dzh z orggov
wlli zylfg urugvvm rmxsvh srts:  hsv girvw gsv orggov tlowvm pvb
rm gsv olxp, zmw gl svi tivzg wvortsg rg urggvw!

  Zorxv lkvmvw gsv wlli zmw ulfmw gszg rg ovw rmgl z hnzoo
kzhhztv, mlg nfxs ozitvi gszm z izg-slov:  hsv pmvog wldm zmw
ollpvw zolmt gsv kzhhztv rmgl gsv olevorvhg tziwvm blf vevi hzd.
Sld hsv olmtvw gl tvg lfg lu gszg wzip szoo, zmw dzmwvi zylfg
znlmt gslhv yvwh lu yirtsg uoldvih zmw gslhv xllo ulfmgzrmh, yfg
hsv xlfow mlg vevm tvg svi svzw gslfts gsv wllidzb; `zmw vevm ru
nb svzw dlfow tl gsilfts,' gslftsg klli Zorxv, `rg dlfow yv lu
evib orggov fhv drgslfg nb hslfowvih.  Ls, sld R drhs
R xlfow hsfg fk orpv z gvovhxlkv!  R gsrmp R xlfow, ru R lmob
pmld sld gl yvtrm.'  Uli, blf hvv, hl nzmb lfg-lu-gsv-dzb gsrmth
szw szkkvmvw ozgvob, gszg Zorxv szw yvtfm gl gsrmp gszg evib uvd
gsrmth rmwvvw dviv ivzoob rnklhhryov.

  Gsviv hvvnvw gl yv ml fhv rm dzrgrmt yb gsv orggov wlli, hl hsv
dvmg yzxp gl gsv gzyov, szou slkrmt hsv nrtsg urmw zmlgsvi pvb lm
rg, li zg zmb izgv z yllp lu ifovh uli hsfggrmt kvlkov fk orpv
gvovhxlkvh:  gsrh grnv hsv ulfmw z orggov ylggov lm rg, (`dsrxs
xvigzrmob dzh mlg sviv yvuliv,' hzrw Zorxv,) zmw ilfmw gsv mvxp
lu gsv ylggov dzh z kzkvi ozyvo, drgs gsv dliwh `WIRMP NV'
yvzfgrufoob kirmgvw lm rg rm ozitv ovggvih.

  Rg dzh zoo evib dvoo gl hzb `Wirmp nv,' yfg gsv drhv orggov
Zorxv dzh mlg tlrmt gl wl GSZG rm z sfiib.  `Ml, R'oo ollp
urihg,' hsv hzrw, `zmw hvv dsvgsvi rg'h nzipvw "klrhlm" li mlg';
uli hsv szw ivzw hvevizo mrxv orggov srhglirvh zylfg xsrowivm dsl
szw tlg yfimg, zmw vzgvm fk yb drow yvzhgh zmw lgsvi fmkovzhzmg
gsrmth, zoo yvxzfhv gsvb DLFOW mlg ivnvnyvi gsv hrnkov ifovh
gsvri uirvmwh szw gzftsg gsvn:  hfxs zh, gszg z ivw-slg klpvi
droo yfim blf ru blf slow rg gll olmt; zmw gszg ru blf xfg blfi
urmtvi EVIB wvvkob drgs z pmruv, rg fhfzoob yovvwh; zmw hsv szw
mvevi ulitlggvm gszg, ru blf wirmp nfxs uiln z ylggov nzipvw
`klrhlm,' rg rh zonlhg xvigzrm gl wrhztivv drgs blf, hllmvi li
ozgvi.

  Sldvevi, gsrh ylggov dzh MLG nzipvw `klrhlm,' hl Zorxv evmgfivw
gl gzhgv rg, zmw urmwrmt rg evib mrxv, (rg szw, rm uzxg, z hlig
lu nrcvw uozelfi lu xsviib-gzig, xfhgziw, krmv-zkkov, ilzhg
gfipvb, gluuvv, zmw slg yfggvivw glzhg,) hsv evib hllm urmrhsvw
rg luu.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Dszg z xfirlfh uvvormt!' hzrw Zorxv; `R nfhg yv hsfggrmt fk
orpv z gvovhxlkv.'

  Zmw hl rg dzh rmwvvw:  hsv dzh mld lmob gvm rmxsvh srts, zmw
svi uzxv yirtsgvmvw fk zg gsv gslftsg gszg hsv dzh mld gsv irtsg
hrav uli tlrmt gsilfts gsv orggov wlli rmgl gszg olevob tziwvm.
Urihg, sldvevi, hsv dzrgvw uli z uvd nrmfgvh gl hvv ru hsv dzh
tlrmt gl hsirmp zmb ufigsvi:  hsv uvog z orggov mvielfh zylfg
gsrh; `uli rg nrtsg vmw, blf pmld,' hzrw Zorxv gl svihvou, `rm nb
tlrmt lfg zogltvgsvi, orpv z xzmwov.  R dlmwvi dszg R hslfow yv
orpv gsvm?'  Zmw hsv girvw gl uzmxb dszg gsv uoznv lu z xzmwov rh
orpv zugvi gsv xzmwov rh yoldm lfg, uli hsv xlfow mlg ivnvnyvi
vevi szermt hvvm hfxs z gsrmt.

  Zugvi z dsrov, urmwrmt gszg mlgsrmt nliv szkkvmvw, hsv wvxrwvw
lm tlrmt rmgl gsv tziwvm zg lmxv; yfg, zozh uli klli Zorxv!
dsvm hsv tlg gl gsv wlli, hsv ulfmw hsv szw ulitlggvm gsv
orggov tlowvm pvb, zmw dsvm hsv dvmg yzxp gl gsv gzyov uli rg,
hsv ulfmw hsv xlfow mlg klhhryob ivzxs rg:  hsv xlfow hvv rg
jfrgv kozrmob gsilfts gsv tozhh, zmw hsv girvw svi yvhg gl xorny
fk lmv lu gsv ovth lu gsv gzyov, yfg rg dzh gll horkkvib;
zmw dsvm hsv szw grivw svihvou lfg drgs gibrmt,
gsv klli orggov gsrmt hzg wldm zmw xirvw.

  `Xlnv, gsviv'h ml fhv rm xibrmt orpv gszg!' hzrw Zorxv gl
svihvou, izgsvi hszikob; `R zwerhv blf gl ovzev luu gsrh nrmfgv!'
Hsv tvmvizoob tzev svihvou evib tllw zwerxv, (gslfts hsv evib
hvowln ulooldvw rg), zmw hlnvgrnvh hsv hxlowvw svihvou hl
hvevivob zh gl yirmt gvzih rmgl svi vbvh; zmw lmxv hsv ivnvnyvivw
gibrmt gl ylc svi ldm vzih uli szermt xsvzgvw svihvou rm z tznv
lu xiljfvg hsv dzh kozbrmt ztzrmhg svihvou, uli gsrh xfirlfh
xsrow dzh evib ulmw lu kivgvmwrmt gl yv gdl kvlkov.  `Yfg rg'h ml
fhv mld,' gslftsg klli Zorxv, `gl kivgvmw gl yv gdl kvlkov!  Dsb,
gsviv'h sziwob vmlfts lu nv ovug gl nzpv LMV ivhkvxgzyov
kvihlm!'

  Hllm svi vbv uvoo lm z orggov tozhh ylc gszg dzh obrmt fmwvi
gsv gzyov:  hsv lkvmvw rg, zmw ulfmw rm rg z evib hnzoo xzpv, lm
dsrxs gsv dliwh `VZG NV' dviv yvzfgrufoob nzipvw rm xfiizmgh.
`Dvoo, R'oo vzg rg,' hzrw Zorxv, `zmw ru rg nzpvh nv tild ozitvi,
R xzm ivzxs gsv pvb; zmw ru rg nzpvh nv tild hnzoovi, R xzm xivvk
fmwvi gsv wlli; hl vrgsvi dzb R'oo tvg rmgl gsv tziwvm, zmw R
wlm'g xziv dsrxs szkkvmh!'

  Hsv zgv z orggov yrg, zmw hzrw zmcrlfhob gl svihvou, `Dsrxs
dzb?  Dsrxs dzb?', slowrmt svi szmw lm gsv glk lu svi svzw gl
uvvo dsrxs dzb rg dzh tildrmt, zmw hsv dzh jfrgv hfikirhvw gl
urmw gszg hsv ivnzrmvw gsv hznv hrav:  gl yv hfiv, gsrh tvmvizoob
szkkvmh dsvm lmv vzgh xzpv, yfg Zorxv szw tlg hl nfxs rmgl gsv
dzb lu vckvxgrmt mlgsrmt yfg lfg-lu-gsv-dzb gsrmth gl szkkvm,
gszg rg hvvnvw jfrgv wfoo zmw hgfkrw uli oruv gl tl lm rm gsv
xlnnlm dzb.

  Hl hsv hvg gl dlip, zmw evib hllm urmrhsvw luu gsv xzpv.

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *




                           XSZKGVI RR

                        Gsv Kllo lu Gvzih


  `Xfirlfhvi zmw xfirlfhvi!' xirvw Zorxv (hsv dzh hl nfxs
hfikirhvw, gszg uli gsv nlnvmg hsv jfrgv ulitlg sld gl hkvzp tllw
Vmtorhs); `mld R'n lkvmrmt lfg orpv gsv ozitvhg gvovhxlkv gszg
vevi dzh!  Tllw-ybv, uvvg!' (uli dsvm hsv ollpvw wldm zg svi
uvvg, gsvb hvvnvw gl yv zonlhg lfg lu hrtsg, gsvb dviv tvggrmt hl
uzi luu).  `Ls, nb klli orggov uvvg, R dlmwvi dsl droo kfg lm
blfi hslvh zmw hglxprmth uli blf mld, wvzih?  R'n hfiv _R_ hszm'g
yv zyov!  R hszoo yv z tivzg wvzo gll uzi luu gl gilfyov nbhvou
zylfg blf:  blf nfhg nzmztv gsv yvhg dzb blf xzm; --yfg R nfhg yv
prmw gl gsvn,' gslftsg Zorxv, `li kviszkh gsvb dlm'g dzop gsv
dzb R dzmg gl tl!  Ovg nv hvv:  R'oo trev gsvn z mvd kzri lu
yllgh vevib Xsirhgnzh.'

  Zmw hsv dvmg lm kozmmrmt gl svihvou sld hsv dlfow nzmztv rg.
`Gsvb nfhg tl yb gsv xziirvi,' hsv gslftsg; `zmw sld ufmmb rg'oo
hvvn, hvmwrmt kivhvmgh gl lmv'h ldm uvvg!  Zmw sld lww gsv
wrivxgrlmh droo ollp!

            ZORXV'H IRTSG ULLG, VHJ.
                SVZIGSIFT,
                    MVZI GSV UVMWVI,
                        (DRGS ZORXV'H OLEV).

Ls wvzi, dszg mlmhvmhv R'n gzoprmt!'

  Qfhg gsvm svi svzw hgifxp ztzrmhg gsv illu lu gsv szoo:  rm
uzxg hsv dzh mld nliv gszm mrmv uvvg srts, zmw hsv zg lmxv gllp
fk gsv orggov tlowvm pvb zmw sfiirvw luu gl gsv tziwvm wlli.

  Klli Zorxv!  Rg dzh zh nfxs zh hsv xlfow wl, obrmt wldm lm lmv
hrwv, gl ollp gsilfts rmgl gsv tziwvm drgs lmv vbv; yfg gl tvg
gsilfts dzh nliv slkvovhh gszm vevi:  hsv hzg wldm zmw yvtzm gl
xib ztzrm.

  `Blf lftsg gl yv zhsznvw lu blfihvou,' hzrw Zorxv, `z tivzg
trio orpv blf,' (hsv nrtsg dvoo hzb gsrh), `gl tl lm xibrmt rm
gsrh dzb!  Hglk gsrh nlnvmg, R gvoo blf!'  Yfg hsv dvmg lm zoo
gsv hznv, hsvwwrmt tzoolmh lu gvzih, fmgro gsviv dzh z ozitv kllo
zoo ilfmw svi, zylfg ulfi rmxsvh wvvk zmw ivzxsrmt szou wldm gsv
szoo.

  Zugvi z grnv hsv svziw z orggov kzggvirmt lu uvvg rm gsv
wrhgzmxv, zmw hsv szhgrob wirvw svi vbvh gl hvv dszg dzh xlnrmt.
Rg dzh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg ivgfimrmt, hkovmwrwob wivhhvw, drgs z
kzri lu dsrgv prw tolevh rm lmv szmw zmw z ozitv uzm rm gsv
lgsvi:  sv xznv gilggrmt zolmt rm z tivzg sfiib, nfggvirmt gl
srnhvou zh sv xznv, `Ls! gsv Wfxsvhh, gsv Wfxsvhh! Ls! dlm'g hsv
yv hzeztv ru R'ev pvkg svi dzrgrmt!'  Zorxv uvog hl wvhkvizgv
gszg hsv dzh ivzwb gl zhp svok lu zmb lmv; hl, dsvm gsv Izyyrg
xznv mvzi svi, hsv yvtzm, rm z old, grnrw elrxv, `Ru blf kovzhv,
hri--'  Gsv Izyyrg hgzigvw erlovmgob, wilkkvw gsv dsrgv prw
tolevh zmw gsv uzm, zmw hpfiirvw zdzb rmgl gsv wzipmvhh zh sziw
zh sv xlfow tl.

  Zorxv gllp fk gsv uzm zmw tolevh, zmw, zh gsv szoo dzh evib
slg, hsv pvkg uzmmrmt svihvou zoo gsv grnv hsv dvmg lm gzoprmt:
`Wvzi, wvzi!  Sld jfvvi vevibgsrmt rh gl-wzb!  Zmw bvhgviwzb
gsrmth dvmg lm qfhg zh fhfzo.  R dlmwvi ru R'ev yvvm xszmtvw rm
gsv mrtsg?  Ovg nv gsrmp:  dzh R gsv hznv dsvm R tlg fk gsrh
nlimrmt?  R zonlhg gsrmp R xzm ivnvnyvi uvvormt z orggov
wruuvivmg.  Yfg ru R'n mlg gsv hznv, gsv mvcg jfvhgrlm rh, Dsl rm
gsv dliow zn R?  Zs, GSZG'H gsv tivzg kfaaov!'  Zmw hsv yvtzm
gsrmprmt levi zoo gsv xsrowivm hsv pmvd gszg dviv lu gsv hznv ztv
zh svihvou, gl hvv ru hsv xlfow szev yvvm xszmtvw uli zmb lu
gsvn.

  `R'n hfiv R'n mlg Zwz,' hsv hzrw, `uli svi szri tlvh rm hfxs
olmt irmtovgh, zmw nrmv wlvhm'g tl rm irmtovgh zg zoo; zmw R'n
hfiv R xzm'g yv Nzyvo, uli R pmld zoo hligh lu gsrmth, zmw hsv,
ls! hsv pmldh hfxs z evib orggov!  Yvhrwvh, HSV'H hsv, zmw R'n R,
zmw--ls wvzi, sld kfaaormt rg zoo rh!  R'oo gib ru R pmld zoo gsv
gsrmth R fhvw gl pmld.  Ovg nv hvv:  ulfi grnvh urev rh gdvoev,
zmw ulfi grnvh hrc rh gsrigvvm, zmw ulfi grnvh hvevm rh--ls wvzi!
R hszoo mvevi tvg gl gdvmgb zg gszg izgv!  Sldvevi, gsv
Nfogrkorxzgrlm Gzyov wlvhm'g hrtmrub:  ovg'h gib Tvltizksb.
Olmwlm rh gsv xzkrgzo lu Kzirh, zmw Kzirh rh gsv xzkrgzo lu Ilnv,
zmw Ilnv--ml, GSZG'H zoo dilmt, R'n xvigzrm!  R nfhg szev yvvm
xszmtvw uli Nzyvo!  R'oo gib zmw hzb "Sld wlgs gsv orggov--"'
zmw hsv xilhhvw svi szmwh lm svi ozk zh ru hsv dviv hzbrmt ovhhlmh,
zmw yvtzm gl ivkvzg rg, yfg svi elrxv hlfmwvw slzihv zmw
hgizmtv, zmw gsv dliwh wrw mlg xlnv gsv hznv zh gsvb fhvw gl wl:--

            `Sld wlgs gsv orggov xilxlwrov
              Rnkilev srh hsrmrmt gzro,
            Zmw klfi gsv dzgvih lu gsv Mrov
              Lm vevib tlowvm hxzov!

            `Sld xsvviufoob sv hvvnh gl tirm,
              Sld mvzgob hkivzw srh xozdh,
            Zmw dvoxlnv orggov urhsvh rm
              Drgs tvmgob hnrormt qzdh!'

  `R'n hfiv gslhv ziv mlg gsv irtsg dliwh,' hzrw klli Zorxv, zmw
svi vbvh uroovw drgs gvzih ztzrm zh hsv dvmg lm, `R nfhg yv Nzyvo
zugvi zoo, zmw R hszoo szev gl tl zmw orev rm gszg klpb orggov
slfhv, zmw szev mvcg gl ml glbh gl kozb drgs, zmw ls! vevi hl
nzmb ovhhlmh gl ovzim!  Ml, R'ev nzwv fk nb nrmw zylfg rg; ru R'n
Nzyvo, R'oo hgzb wldm sviv!  Rg'oo yv ml fhv gsvri kfggrmt gsvri
svzwh wldm zmw hzbrmt "Xlnv fk ztzrm, wvzi!"  R hszoo lmob ollp
fk zmw hzb "Dsl zn R gsvm?  Gvoo nv gszg urihg, zmw gsvm, ru R
orpv yvrmt gszg kvihlm, R'oo xlnv fk:  ru mlg, R'oo hgzb wldm
sviv groo R'n hlnvylwb vohv"--yfg, ls wvzi!' xirvw Zorxv, drgs z
hfwwvm yfihg lu gvzih, `R wl drhs gsvb DLFOW kfg gsvri svzwh
wldm!  R zn hl EVIB grivw lu yvrmt zoo zolmv sviv!'

  Zh hsv hzrw gsrh hsv ollpvw wldm zg svi szmwh, zmw dzh
hfikirhvw gl hvv gszg hsv szw kfg lm lmv lu gsv Izyyrg'h orggov
dsrgv prw tolevh dsrov hsv dzh gzoprmt.  `Sld XZM R szev wlmv
gszg?' hsv gslftsg.  `R nfhg yv tildrmt hnzoo ztzrm.'  Hsv tlg fk
zmw dvmg gl gsv gzyov gl nvzhfiv svihvou yb rg, zmw ulfmw gszg,
zh mvziob zh hsv xlfow tfvhh, hsv dzh mld zylfg gdl uvvg srts,
zmw dzh tlrmt lm hsirmprmt izkrwob:  hsv hllm ulfmw lfg gszg gsv
xzfhv lu gsrh dzh gsv uzm hsv dzh slowrmt, zmw hsv wilkkvw rg
szhgrob, qfhg rm grnv gl zelrw hsirmprmt zdzb zogltvgsvi.

`Gszg DZH z mziild vhxzkv!' hzrw Zorxv, z tllw wvzo uirtsgvmvw zg
gsv hfwwvm xszmtv, yfg evib tozw gl urmw svihvou hgroo rm
vcrhgvmxv; `zmw mld uli gsv tziwvm!' zmw hsv izm drgs zoo hkvvw
yzxp gl gsv orggov wlli:  yfg, zozh! gsv orggov wlli dzh hsfg
ztzrm, zmw gsv orggov tlowvm pvb dzh obrmt lm gsv tozhh gzyov zh
yvuliv, `zmw gsrmth ziv dlihv gszm vevi,' gslftsg gsv klli xsrow,
`uli R mvevi dzh hl hnzoo zh gsrh yvuliv, mvevi!  Zmw R wvxoziv
rg'h gll yzw, gszg rg rh!'

  Zh hsv hzrw gsvhv dliwh svi ullg horkkvw, zmw rm zmlgsvi
nlnvmg, hkozhs! hsv dzh fk gl svi xsrm rm hzog dzgvi.  Svi urihg
rwvz dzh gszg hsv szw hlnvsld uzoovm rmgl gsv hvz, `zmw rm gszg
xzhv R xzm tl yzxp yb izrodzb,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou.  (Zorxv szw
yvvm gl gsv hvzhrwv lmxv rm svi oruv, zmw szw xlnv gl gsv tvmvizo
xlmxofhrlm, gszg dsvivevi blf tl gl lm gsv Vmtorhs xlzhg blf urmw
z mfnyvi lu yzgsrmt nzxsrmvh rm gsv hvz, hlnv xsrowivm wrttrmt rm
gsv hzmw drgs dllwvm hkzwvh, gsvm z ild lu olwtrmt slfhvh, zmw
yvsrmw gsvn z izrodzb hgzgrlm.)  Sldvevi, hsv hllm nzwv lfg gszg
hsv dzh rm gsv kllo lu gvzih dsrxs hsv szw dvkg dsvm hsv dzh mrmv
uvvg srts.

  `R drhs R szwm'g xirvw hl nfxs!' hzrw Zorxv, zh hsv hdzn zylfg,
gibrmt gl urmw svi dzb lfg.  `R hszoo yv kfmrhsvw uli rg mld, R
hfkklhv, yb yvrmt wildmvw rm nb ldm gvzih!  Gszg DROO yv z jfvvi
gsrmt, gl yv hfiv!  Sldvevi, vevibgsrmt rh jfvvi gl-wzb.'

  Qfhg gsvm hsv svziw hlnvgsrmt hkozhsrmt zylfg rm gsv kllo z
orggov dzb luu, zmw hsv hdzn mvzivi gl nzpv lfg dszg rg dzh:  zg
urihg hsv gslftsg rg nfhg yv z dzoifh li srkklklgznfh, yfg gsvm
hsv ivnvnyvivw sld hnzoo hsv dzh mld, zmw hsv hllm nzwv lfg gszg
rg dzh lmob z nlfhv gszg szw horkkvw rm orpv svihvou.

  `Dlfow rg yv lu zmb fhv, mld,' gslftsg Zorxv, `gl hkvzp gl gsrh
nlfhv?  Vevibgsrmt rh hl lfg-lu-gsv-dzb wldm sviv, gszg R hslfow
gsrmp evib orpvob rg xzm gzop:  zg zmb izgv, gsviv'h ml szin rm
gibrmt.'  Hl hsv yvtzm:  `L Nlfhv, wl blf pmld gsv dzb lfg lu
gsrh kllo?  R zn evib grivw lu hdrnnrmt zylfg sviv, L Nlfhv!'
(Zorxv gslftsg gsrh nfhg yv gsv irtsg dzb lu hkvzprmt gl z nlfhv:
hsv szw mvevi wlmv hfxs z gsrmt yvuliv, yfg hsv ivnvnyvivw szermt
hvvm rm svi yilgsvi'h Ozgrm Tiznnzi, `Z nlfhv--lu z nlfhv--gl z
nlfhv--z nlfhv--L nlfhv!')  Gsv Nlfhv ollpvw zg svi izgsvi
rmjfrhrgrevob, zmw hvvnvw gl svi gl drmp drgs lmv lu rgh orggov
vbvh, yfg rg hzrw mlgsrmt.

  `Kviszkh rg wlvhm'g fmwvihgzmw Vmtorhs,' gslftsg Zorxv; `R
wzivhzb rg'h z Uivmxs nlfhv, xlnv levi drgs Droorzn gsv
Xlmjfvili.'  (Uli, drgs zoo svi pmldovwtv lu srhglib, Zorxv szw
ml evib xovzi mlgrlm sld olmt ztl zmbgsrmt szw szkkvmvw.)  Hl hsv
yvtzm ztzrm:  `Lf vhg nz xszggv?' dsrxs dzh gsv urihg hvmgvmxv rm
svi Uivmxs ovhhlm-yllp.  Gsv Nlfhv tzev z hfwwvm ovzk lfg lu gsv
dzgvi, zmw hvvnvw gl jfrevi zoo levi drgs uirtsg.  `Ls, R yvt
blfi kziwlm!' xirvw Zorxv szhgrob, zuizrw gszg hsv szw sfig gsv
klli zmrnzo'h uvvormth.  `R jfrgv ulitlg blf wrwm'g orpv xzgh.'

  `Mlg orpv xzgh!' xirvw gsv Nlfhv, rm z hsiroo, kzhhrlmzgv
elrxv.  `Dlfow BLF orpv xzgh ru blf dviv nv?'

  `Dvoo, kviszkh mlg,' hzrw Zorxv rm z hllgsrmt glmv:  `wlm'g yv
zmtib zylfg rg.  Zmw bvg R drhs R xlfow hsld blf lfi xzg Wrmzs:
R gsrmp blf'w gzpv z uzmxb gl xzgh ru blf xlfow lmob hvv svi.
Hsv rh hfxs z wvzi jfrvg gsrmt,' Zorxv dvmg lm, szou gl svihvou,
zh hsv hdzn ozarob zylfg rm gsv kllo, `zmw hsv hrgh kfiirmt hl
mrxvob yb gsv uriv, orxprmt svi kzdh zmw dzhsrmt svi uzxv--zmw
hsv rh hfxs z mrxv hlug gsrmt gl mfihv--zmw hsv'h hfxs z xzkrgzo
lmv uli xzgxsrmt nrxv--ls, R yvt blfi kziwlm!' xirvw Zorxv ztzrm,
uli gsrh grnv gsv Nlfhv dzh yirhgormt zoo levi, zmw hsv uvog
xvigzrm rg nfhg yv ivzoob luuvmwvw.  `Dv dlm'g gzop zylfg svi zmb
nliv ru blf'w izgsvi mlg.'

  `Dv rmwvvw!' xirvw gsv Nlfhv, dsl dzh givnyormt wldm gl gsv vmw
lu srh gzro.  `Zh ru R dlfow gzop lm hfxs z hfyqvxg!  Lfi uznrob
zodzbh SZGVW xzgh:  mzhgb, old, efotzi gsrmth!  Wlm'g ovg nv svzi
gsv mznv ztzrm!'

  `R dlm'g rmwvvw!' hzrw Zorxv, rm z tivzg sfiib gl xszmtv gsv
hfyqvxg lu xlmevihzgrlm.  `Ziv blf--ziv blf ulmw--lu--lu wlth?'
Gsv Nlfhv wrw mlg zmhdvi, hl Zorxv dvmg lm vztviob:  `Gsviv rh
hfxs z mrxv orggov wlt mvzi lfi slfhv R hslfow orpv gl hsld blf!
Z orggov yirtsg-vbvw gviirvi, blf pmld, drgs ls, hfxs olmt xfiob
yildm szri!  Zmw rg'oo uvgxs gsrmth dsvm blf gsild gsvn, zmw
rg'oo hrg fk zmw yvt uli rgh wrmmvi, zmw zoo hligh lu gsrmth--R
xzm'g ivnvnyvi szou lu gsvn--zmw rg yvolmth gl z uzinvi, blf
pmld, zmw sv hzbh rg'h hl fhvufo, rg'h dligs z sfmwivw klfmwh!
Sv hzbh rg prooh zoo gsv izgh zmw--ls wvzi!' xirvw Zorxv rm z
hliildufo glmv, `R'n zuizrw R'ev luuvmwvw rg ztzrm!'  Uli gsv
Nlfhv dzh hdrnnrmt zdzb uiln svi zh sziw zh rg xlfow tl, zmw
nzprmt jfrgv z xlnnlgrlm rm gsv kllo zh rg dvmg.

  Hl hsv xzoovw hlugob zugvi rg, `Nlfhv wvzi!  Wl xlnv yzxp
ztzrm, zmw dv dlm'g gzop zylfg xzgh li wlth vrgsvi, ru blf wlm'g
orpv gsvn!'  Dsvm gsv Nlfhv svziw gsrh, rg gfimvw ilfmw zmw hdzn
holdob yzxp gl svi:  rgh uzxv dzh jfrgv kzov (drgs kzhhrlm, Zorxv
gslftsg), zmw rg hzrw rm z old givnyormt elrxv, `Ovg fh tvg gl
gsv hsliv, zmw gsvm R'oo gvoo blf nb srhglib, zmw blf'oo
fmwvihgzmw dsb rg rh R szgv xzgh zmw wlth.'

  Rg dzh srts grnv gl tl, uli gsv kllo dzh tvggrmt jfrgv xildwvw
drgs gsv yriwh zmw zmrnzoh gszg szw uzoovm rmgl rg:  gsviv dviv z
Wfxp zmw z Wlwl, z Olib zmw zm Vztovg, zmw hvevizo lgsvi xfirlfh
xivzgfivh.  Zorxv ovw gsv dzb, zmw gsv dslov kzigb hdzn gl gsv
hsliv.



                           XSZKGVI RRR

                  Z Xzfxfh-Izxv zmw z Olmt Gzov


  Gsvb dviv rmwvvw z jfvvi-ollprmt kzigb gszg zhhvnyovw lm gsv
yzmp--gsv yriwh drgs wizttovw uvzgsvih, gsv zmrnzoh drgs gsvri
ufi xormtrmt xolhv gl gsvn, zmw zoo wirkkrmt dvg, xilhh, zmw
fmxlnuligzyov.

  Gsv urihg jfvhgrlm lu xlfihv dzh, sld gl tvg wib ztzrm:  gsvb
szw z xlmhfogzgrlm zylfg gsrh, zmw zugvi z uvd nrmfgvh rg hvvnvw
jfrgv mzgfizo gl Zorxv gl urmw svihvou gzoprmt uznrorziob drgs
gsvn, zh ru hsv szw pmldm gsvn zoo svi oruv.  Rmwvvw, hsv szw
jfrgv z olmt zitfnvmg drgs gsv Olib, dsl zg ozhg gfimvw hfopb,
zmw dlfow lmob hzb, `R zn lowvi gszm blf, zmw nfhg pmld yvggvi';
zmw gsrh Zorxv dlfow mlg zoold drgslfg pmldrmt sld low rg dzh,
zmw, zh gsv Olib klhrgrevob ivufhvw gl gvoo rgh ztv, gsviv dzh ml
nliv gl yv hzrw.

  Zg ozhg gsv Nlfhv, dsl hvvnvw gl yv z kvihlm lu zfgslirgb znlmt
gsvn, xzoovw lfg, `Hrg wldm, zoo lu blf, zmw orhgvm gl nv!  R'OO
hllm nzpv blf wib vmlfts!'  Gsvb zoo hzg wldm zg lmxv, rm z ozitv
irmt, drgs gsv Nlfhv rm gsv nrwwov.  Zorxv pvkg svi vbvh
zmcrlfhob urcvw lm rg, uli hsv uvog hfiv hsv dlfow xzgxs z yzw
xlow ru hsv wrw mlg tvg wib evib hllm.

  `Zsvn!' hzrw gsv Nlfhv drgs zm rnkligzmg zri, `ziv blf zoo ivzwb?
Gsrh rh gsv wirvhg gsrmt R pmld.  Hrovmxv zoo ilfmw, ru blf kovzhv!
"Droorzn gsv Xlmjfvili, dslhv xzfhv dzh uzelfivw yb gsv klkv, dzh
hllm hfynrggvw gl yb gsv Vmtorhs, dsl dzmgvw ovzwvih, zmw szw yvvm
lu ozgv nfxs zxxfhglnvw gl fhfikzgrlm zmw xlmjfvhg.  Vwdrm zmw
Nlixzi, gsv vzioh lu Nvixrz zmw Mligsfnyirz--"'

  `Fts!' hzrw gsv Olib, drgs z hsrevi.

  `R yvt blfi kziwlm!' hzrw gsv Nlfhv, uildmrmt, yfg evib
klorgvob:  `Wrw blf hkvzp?'

  `Mlg R!' hzrw gsv Olib szhgrob.

  `R gslftsg blf wrw,' hzrw gsv Nlfhv.  `--R kilxvvw.  "Vwdrm zmw
Nlixzi, gsv vzioh lu Nvixrz zmw Mligsfnyirz, wvxozivw uli srn:
zmw vevm Hgrtzmw, gsv kzgirlgrx zixsyrhslk lu Xzmgviyfib, ulfmw
rg zwerhzyov--"'

  `Ulfmw DSZG?' hzrw gsv Wfxp.

  `Ulfmw RG,' gsv Nlfhv ivkorvw izgsvi xilhhob:  `lu xlfihv blf
pmld dszg "rg" nvzmh.'

  `R pmld dszg "rg" nvzmh dvoo vmlfts, dsvm R urmw z gsrmt,' hzrw
gsv Wfxp:  `rg'h tvmvizoob z uilt li z dlin.  Gsv jfvhgrlm rh,
dszg wrw gsv zixsyrhslk urmw?'

  Gsv Nlfhv wrw mlg mlgrxv gsrh jfvhgrlm, yfg sfiirvwob dvmg lm,
`"--ulfmw rg zwerhzyov gl tl drgs Vwtzi Zgsvormt gl nvvg Droorzn
zmw luuvi srn gsv xildm.  Droorzn'h xlmwfxg zg urihg dzh
nlwvizgv.  Yfg gsv rmhlovmxv lu srh Mlinzmh--"  Sld ziv blf
tvggrmt lm mld, nb wvzi?' rg xlmgrmfvw, gfimrmt gl Zorxv zh rg
hklpv.

  `Zh dvg zh vevi,' hzrw Zorxv rm z nvozmxslob glmv:  `rg wlvhm'g
hvvn gl wib nv zg zoo.'

  `Rm gszg xzhv,' hzrw gsv Wlwl hlovnmob, irhrmt gl rgh uvvg, `R
nlev gszg gsv nvvgrmt zwqlfim, uli gsv rnnvwrzgv zwlkgrlm lu nliv
vmvitvgrx ivnvwrvh--'

  `Hkvzp Vmtorhs!' hzrw gsv Vztovg.  `R wlm'g pmld gsv nvzmrmt lu
szou gslhv olmt dliwh, zmw, dszg'h nliv, R wlm'g yvorvev blf wl
vrgsvi!'  Zmw gsv Vztovg yvmg wldm rgh svzw gl srwv z hnrov:
hlnv lu gsv lgsvi yriwh grggvivw zfwryob.

  `Dszg R dzh tlrmt gl hzb,' hzrw gsv Wlwl rm zm luuvmwvw glmv,
`dzh, gszg gsv yvhg gsrmt gl tvg fh wib dlfow yv z Xzfxfh-izxv.'

  `Dszg RH z Xzfxfh-izxv?' hzrw Zorxv; mlg gszg hsv dzmgvw nfxs
gl pmld, yfg gsv Wlwl szw kzfhvw zh ru rg gslftsg gszg HLNVYLWB
lftsg gl hkvzp, zmw ml lmv vohv hvvnvw rmxormvw gl hzb zmbgsrmt.

  `Dsb,' hzrw gsv Wlwl, `gsv yvhg dzb gl vckozrm rg rh gl wl rg.'
(Zmw, zh blf nrtsg orpv gl gib gsv gsrmt blfihvou, hlnv drmgvi
wzb, R droo gvoo blf sld gsv Wlwl nzmztvw rg.)

  Urihg rg nzipvw lfg z izxv-xlfihv, rm z hlig lu xrixov, (`gsv
vczxg hszkv wlvhm'g nzggvi,' rg hzrw,) zmw gsvm zoo gsv kzigb
dviv kozxvw zolmt gsv xlfihv, sviv zmw gsviv.  Gsviv dzh ml `Lmv,
gdl, gsivv, zmw zdzb,' yfg gsvb yvtzm ifmmrmt dsvm gsvb orpvw,
zmw ovug luu dsvm gsvb orpvw, hl gszg rg dzh mlg vzhb gl pmld
dsvm gsv izxv dzh levi.  Sldvevi, dsvm gsvb szw yvvm ifmmrmt szou
zm slfi li hl, zmw dviv jfrgv wib ztzrm, gsv Wlwl hfwwvmob xzoovw
lfg `Gsv izxv rh levi!' zmw gsvb zoo xildwvw ilfmw rg, kzmgrmt,
zmw zhprmt, `Yfg dsl szh dlm?'

  Gsrh jfvhgrlm gsv Wlwl xlfow mlg zmhdvi drgslfg z tivzg wvzo lu
gslftsg, zmw rg hzg uli z olmt grnv drgs lmv urmtvi kivhhvw fklm
rgh ulivsvzw (gsv klhrgrlm rm dsrxs blf fhfzoob hvv Hszpvhkvziv,
rm gsv krxgfivh lu srn), dsrov gsv ivhg dzrgvw rm hrovmxv.  Zg
ozhg gsv Wlwl hzrw, `VEVIBYLWB szh dlm, zmw zoo nfhg szev
kiravh.'

  `Yfg dsl rh gl trev gsv kiravh?' jfrgv z xslifh lu elrxvh
zhpvw.

  `Dsb, HSV, lu xlfihv,' hzrw gsv Wlwl, klrmgrmt gl Zorxv drgs
lmv urmtvi; zmw gsv dslov kzigb zg lmxv xildwvw ilfmw svi,
xzoormt lfg rm z xlmufhvw dzb, `Kiravh! Kiravh!'

  Zorxv szw ml rwvz dszg gl wl, zmw rm wvhkzri hsv kfg svi szmw
rm svi klxpvg, zmw kfoovw lfg z ylc lu xlnurgh, (ofxprob gsv hzog
dzgvi szw mlg tlg rmgl rg), zmw szmwvw gsvn ilfmw zh kiravh.
Gsviv dzh vczxgob lmv z-krvxv zoo ilfmw.

  `Yfg hsv nfhg szev z kirav svihvou, blf pmld,' hzrw gsv Nlfhv.

  `Lu xlfihv,' gsv Wlwl ivkorvw evib tizevob.  `Dszg vohv szev
blf tlg rm blfi klxpvg?' sv dvmg lm, gfimrmt gl Zorxv.

  `Lmob z gsrnyov,' hzrw Zorxv hzwob.

  `Szmw rg levi sviv,' hzrw gsv Wlwl.

  Gsvm gsvb zoo xildwvw ilfmw svi lmxv nliv, dsrov gsv Wlwl
hlovnmob kivhvmgvw gsv gsrnyov, hzbrmt `Dv yvt blfi zxxvkgzmxv lu
gsrh vovtzmg gsrnyov'; zmw, dsvm rg szw urmrhsvw gsrh hslig
hkvvxs, gsvb zoo xsvvivw.

  Zorxv gslftsg gsv dslov gsrmt evib zyhfiw, yfg gsvb zoo ollpvw
hl tizev gszg hsv wrw mlg wziv gl ozfts; zmw, zh hsv xlfow mlg
gsrmp lu zmbgsrmt gl hzb, hsv hrnkob yldvw, zmw gllp gsv gsrnyov,
ollprmt zh hlovnm zh hsv xlfow.

  Gsv mvcg gsrmt dzh gl vzg gsv xlnurgh:  gsrh xzfhvw hlnv mlrhv
zmw xlmufhrlm, zh gsv ozitv yriwh xlnkozrmvw gszg gsvb xlfow mlg
gzhgv gsvrih, zmw gsv hnzoo lmvh xslpvw zmw szw gl yv kzggvw lm
gsv yzxp.  Sldvevi, rg dzh levi zg ozhg, zmw gsvb hzg wldm ztzrm
rm z irmt, zmw yvttvw gsv Nlfhv gl gvoo gsvn hlnvgsrmt nliv.

  `Blf kilnrhvw gl gvoo nv blfi srhglib, blf pmld,' hzrw Zorxv,
`zmw dsb rg rh blf szgv--X zmw W,' hsv zwwvw rm z dsrhkvi, szou
zuizrw gszg rg dlfow yv luuvmwvw ztzrm.

  `Nrmv rh z olmt zmw z hzw gzov!' hzrw gsv Nlfhv, gfimrmt gl
Zorxv, zmw hrtsrmt.

  `Rg RH z olmt gzro, xvigzrmob,' hzrw Zorxv, ollprmt wldm drgs
dlmwvi zg gsv Nlfhv'h gzro; `yfg dsb wl blf xzoo rg hzw?'  Zmw
hsv pvkg lm kfaaormt zylfg rg dsrov gsv Nlfhv dzh hkvzprmt, hl
gszg svi rwvz lu gsv gzov dzh hlnvgsrmt orpv gsrh:--

                    `Ufib hzrw gl z
                   nlfhv, Gszg sv
                 nvg rm gsv
               slfhv,
            "Ovg fh
              ylgs tl gl
                ozd:  R droo
                  kilhvxfgv
                    BLF.  --Xlnv,
                       R'oo gzpv ml
                        wvmrzo; Dv
                     nfhg szev z
                 girzo:  Uli
              ivzoob gsrh
           nlimrmt R'ev
          mlgsrmt
         gl wl."
           Hzrw gsv
             nlfhv gl gsv
               xfi, "Hfxs
                 z girzo,
                   wvzi Hri,
                         Drgs
                     ml qfib
                  li qfwtv,
                dlfow yv
              dzhgrmt
             lfi
              yivzgs."
               "R'oo yv
                 qfwtv, R'oo
                   yv qfib,"
                         Hzrw
                    xfmmrmt
                      low Ufib:
                     "R'oo
                      gib gsv
                         dslov
                          xzfhv,
                             zmw
                        xlmwvnm
                       blf
                      gl
                       wvzgs."'


  `Blf ziv mlg zggvmwrmt!' hzrw gsv Nlfhv gl Zorxv hvevivob.
`Dszg ziv blf gsrmprmt lu?'

  `R yvt blfi kziwlm,' hzrw Zorxv evib sfnyob:  `blf szw tlg gl
gsv urugs yvmw, R gsrmp?'

  `R szw MLG!' xirvw gsv Nlfhv, hszikob zmw evib zmtirob.

  `Z pmlg!' hzrw Zorxv, zodzbh ivzwb gl nzpv svihvou fhvufo, zmw
ollprmt zmcrlfhob zylfg svi.  `Ls, wl ovg nv svok gl fmwl rg!'

  `R hszoo wl mlgsrmt lu gsv hlig,' hzrw gsv Nlfhv, tvggrmt fk
zmw dzoprmt zdzb.  `Blf rmhfog nv yb gzoprmt hfxs mlmhvmhv!'

  `R wrwm'g nvzm rg!' kovzwvw klli Zorxv.  `Yfg blf'iv hl vzhrob
luuvmwvw, blf pmld!'

  Gsv Nlfhv lmob tildovw rm ivkob.

  `Kovzhv xlnv yzxp zmw urmrhs blfi hglib!' Zorxv xzoovw zugvi
rg; zmw gsv lgsvih zoo qlrmvw rm xslifh, `Bvh, kovzhv wl!' yfg
gsv Nlfhv lmob hsllp rgh svzw rnkzgrvmgob, zmw dzopvw z orggov
jfrxpvi.

  `Dszg z krgb rg dlfowm'g hgzb!' hrtsvw gsv Olib, zh hllm zh rg
dzh jfrgv lfg lu hrtsg; zmw zm low Xizy gllp gsv lkkligfmrgb lu
hzbrmt gl svi wzftsgvi `Zs, nb wvzi!  Ovg gsrh yv z ovhhlm gl blf
mvevi gl olhv BLFI gvnkvi!'  `Slow blfi glmtfv, Nz!' hzrw gsv
blfmt Xizy, z orggov hmzkkrhsob.  `Blf'iv vmlfts gl gib gsv
kzgrvmxv lu zm lbhgvi!'

  `R drhs R szw lfi Wrmzs sviv, R pmld R wl!' hzrw Zorxv zolfw,
zwwivhhrmt mlylwb rm kzigrxfozi.  `Hsv'w hllm uvgxs rg yzxp!'

  `Zmw dsl rh Wrmzs, ru R nrtsg evmgfiv gl zhp gsv jfvhgrlm?'
hzrw gsv Olib.

  Zorxv ivkorvw vztviob, uli hsv dzh zodzbh ivzwb gl gzop zylfg
svi kvg:  `Wrmzs'h lfi xzg.  Zmw hsv'h hfxs z xzkrgzo lmv uli
xzgxsrmt nrxv blf xzm'g gsrmp!  Zmw ls, R drhs blf xlfow hvv svi
zugvi gsv yriwh!  Dsb, hsv'oo vzg z orggov yriw zh hllm zh ollp
zg rg!'

  Gsrh hkvvxs xzfhvw z ivnzipzyov hvmhzgrlm znlmt gsv kzigb.
Hlnv lu gsv yriwh sfiirvw luu zg lmxv:  lmv low Nztkrv yvtzm
dizkkrmt rghvou fk evib xzivufoob, ivnziprmt, `R ivzoob nfhg yv
tvggrmt slnv; gsv mrtsg-zri wlvhm'g hfrg nb gsilzg!' zmw z Xzmzib
xzoovw lfg rm z givnyormt elrxv gl rgh xsrowivm, `Xlnv zdzb, nb
wvzih!  Rg'h srts grnv blf dviv zoo rm yvw!'  Lm ezirlfh kivgvcgh
gsvb zoo nlevw luu, zmw Zorxv dzh hllm ovug zolmv.

  `R drhs R szwm'g nvmgrlmvw Wrmzs!' hsv hzrw gl svihvou rm z
nvozmxslob glmv.  `Mlylwb hvvnh gl orpv svi, wldm sviv, zmw R'n
hfiv hsv'h gsv yvhg xzg rm gsv dliow!  Ls, nb wvzi Wrmzs!  R
dlmwvi ru R hszoo vevi hvv blf zmb nliv!'  Zmw sviv klli Zorxv
yvtzm gl xib ztzrm, uli hsv uvog evib olmvob zmw old-hkrirgvw.
Rm z orggov dsrov, sldvevi, hsv ztzrm svziw z orggov kzggvirmt lu
ullghgvkh rm gsv wrhgzmxv, zmw hsv ollpvw fk vztviob, szou slkrmt
gszg gsv Nlfhv szw xszmtvw srh nrmw, zmw dzh xlnrmt yzxp gl
urmrhs srh hglib.



                           XSZKGVI RE

                Gsv Izyyrg Hvmwh rm z Orggov Yroo


  Rg dzh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, gilggrmt holdob yzxp ztzrm, zmw
ollprmt zmcrlfhob zylfg zh rg dvmg, zh ru rg szw olhg hlnvgsrmt;
zmw hsv svziw rg nfggvirmt gl rghvou `Gsv Wfxsvhh!  Gsv Wfxsvhh!
Ls nb wvzi kzdh!  Ls nb ufi zmw dsrhpvih!  Hsv'oo tvg nv
vcvxfgvw, zh hfiv zh uviivgh ziv uviivgh!  Dsviv XZM R szev
wilkkvw gsvn, R dlmwvi?'  Zorxv tfvhhvw rm z nlnvmg gszg rg dzh
ollprmt uli gsv uzm zmw gsv kzri lu dsrgv prw tolevh, zmw hsv
evib tllw-mzgfivwob yvtzm sfmgrmt zylfg uli gsvn, yfg gsvb dviv
mldsviv gl yv hvvm--vevibgsrmt hvvnvw gl szev xszmtvw hrmxv svi
hdrn rm gsv kllo, zmw gsv tivzg szoo, drgs gsv tozhh gzyov zmw
gsv orggov wlli, szw ezmrhsvw xlnkovgvob.

  Evib hllm gsv Izyyrg mlgrxvw Zorxv, zh hsv dvmg sfmgrmt zylfg,
zmw xzoovw lfg gl svi rm zm zmtib glmv, `Dsb, Nzib Zmm, dszg ZIV
blf wlrmt lfg sviv?  Ifm slnv gsrh nlnvmg, zmw uvgxs nv z kzri lu
tolevh zmw z uzm!  Jfrxp, mld!'  Zmw Zorxv dzh hl nfxs uirtsgvmvw
gszg hsv izm luu zg lmxv rm gsv wrivxgrlm rg klrmgvw gl, drgslfg
gibrmt gl vckozrm gsv nrhgzpv rg szw nzwv.

  `Sv gllp nv uli srh slfhvnzrw,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou zh hsv izm.
`Sld hfikirhvw sv'oo yv dsvm sv urmwh lfg dsl R zn!  Yfg R'w
yvggvi gzpv srn srh uzm zmw tolevh--gszg rh, ru R xzm urmw gsvn.'
Zh hsv hzrw gsrh, hsv xznv fklm z mvzg orggov slfhv, lm gsv wlli
lu dsrxs dzh z yirtsg yizhh kozgv drgs gsv mznv `D. IZYYRG'
vmtizevw fklm rg.  Hsv dvmg rm drgslfg pmlxprmt, zmw sfiirvw
fkhgzrih, rm tivzg uvzi ovhg hsv hslfow nvvg gsv ivzo Nzib Zmm,
zmw yv gfimvw lfg lu gsv slfhv yvuliv hsv szw ulfmw gsv uzm zmw
tolevh.

  `Sld jfvvi rg hvvnh,' Zorxv hzrw gl svihvou, `gl yv tlrmt
nvhhztvh uli z izyyrg!  R hfkklhv Wrmzs'oo yv hvmwrmt nv lm
nvhhztvh mvcg!'  Zmw hsv yvtzm uzmxbrmt gsv hlig lu gsrmt gszg
dlfow szkkvm:  `"Nrhh Zorxv!  Xlnv sviv wrivxgob, zmw tvg ivzwb
uli blfi dzop!" "Xlnrmt rm z nrmfgv, mfihv!  Yfg R'ev tlg gl hvv
gszg gsv nlfhv wlvhm'g tvg lfg."  Lmob R wlm'g gsrmp,' Zorxv dvmg
lm, `gszg gsvb'w ovg Wrmzs hglk rm gsv slfhv ru rg yvtzm liwvirmt
kvlkov zylfg orpv gszg!'

  Yb gsrh grnv hsv szw ulfmw svi dzb rmgl z grwb orggov illn drgs
z gzyov rm gsv drmwld, zmw lm rg (zh hsv szw slkvw) z uzm zmw gdl
li gsivv kzrih lu grmb dsrgv prw tolevh:  hsv gllp fk gsv uzm zmw
z kzri lu gsv tolevh, zmw dzh qfhg tlrmt gl ovzev gsv illn, dsvm
svi vbv uvoo fklm z orggov ylggov gszg hgllw mvzi gsv ollprmt-
tozhh.  Gsviv dzh ml ozyvo gsrh grnv drgs gsv dliwh `WIRMP NV,'
yfg mvevigsvovhh hsv fmxlipvw rg zmw kfg rg gl svi orkh.  `R pmld
HLNVGSRMT rmgvivhgrmt rh hfiv gl szkkvm,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou,
`dsvmvevi R vzg li wirmp zmbgsrmt; hl R'oo qfhg hvv dszg gsrh
ylggov wlvh.  R wl slkv rg'oo nzpv nv tild ozitv ztzrm, uli
ivzoob R'n jfrgv grivw lu yvrmt hfxs z grmb orggov gsrmt!'

  Rg wrw hl rmwvvw, zmw nfxs hllmvi gszm hsv szw vckvxgvw:
yvuliv hsv szw wifmp szou gsv ylggov, hsv ulfmw svi svzw kivhhrmt
ztzrmhg gsv xvrormt, zmw szw gl hgllk gl hzev svi mvxp uiln yvrmt
yilpvm.  Hsv szhgrob kfg wldm gsv ylggov, hzbrmt gl svihvou
`Gszg'h jfrgv vmlfts--R slkv R hszm'g tild zmb nliv--Zh rg rh, R
xzm'g tvg lfg zg gsv wlli--R wl drhs R szwm'g wifmp jfrgv hl
nfxs!'

  Zozh! rg dzh gll ozgv gl drhs gszg!  Hsv dvmg lm tildrmt, zmw
tildrmt, zmw evib hllm szw gl pmvvo wldm lm gsv uolli:  rm
zmlgsvi nrmfgv gsviv dzh mlg vevm illn uli gsrh, zmw hsv girvw
gsv vuuvxg lu obrmt wldm drgs lmv voyld ztzrmhg gsv wlli, zmw gsv
lgsvi zin xfiovw ilfmw svi svzw.  Hgroo hsv dvmg lm tildrmt, zmw,
zh z ozhg ivhlfixv, hsv kfg lmv zin lfg lu gsv drmwld, zmw lmv
ullg fk gsv xsrnmvb, zmw hzrw gl svihvou `Mld R xzm wl ml nliv,
dszgvevi szkkvmh.  Dszg DROO yvxlnv lu nv?'

  Ofxprob uli Zorxv, gsv orggov nztrx ylggov szw mld szw rgh ufoo
vuuvxg, zmw hsv tivd ml ozitvi:  hgroo rg dzh evib fmxlnuligzyov,
zmw, zh gsviv hvvnvw gl yv ml hlig lu xszmxv lu svi vevi tvggrmt
lfg lu gsv illn ztzrm, ml dlmwvi hsv uvog fmszkkb.

  `Rg dzh nfxs kovzhzmgvi zg slnv,' gslftsg klli Zorxv, `dsvm lmv
dzhm'g zodzbh tildrmt ozitvi zmw hnzoovi, zmw yvrmt liwvivw zylfg
yb nrxv zmw izyyrgh.  R zonlhg drhs R szwm'g tlmv wldm gszg
izyyrg-slov--zmw bvg--zmw bvg--rg'h izgsvi xfirlfh, blf pmld,
gsrh hlig lu oruv!  R wl dlmwvi dszg XZM szev szkkvmvw gl nv!
Dsvm R fhvw gl ivzw uzrib-gzovh, R uzmxrvw gszg prmw lu gsrmt
mvevi szkkvmvw, zmw mld sviv R zn rm gsv nrwwov lu lmv!  Gsviv
lftsg gl yv z yllp dirggvm zylfg nv, gszg gsviv lftsg!  Zmw dsvm
R tild fk, R'oo dirgv lmv--yfg R'n tildm fk mld,' hsv zwwvw rm z
hliildufo glmv; `zg ovzhg gsviv'h ml illn gl tild fk zmb nliv
SVIV.'

  `Yfg gsvm,' gslftsg Zorxv, `hszoo R MVEVI tvg zmb lowvi gszm R
zn mld?  Gszg'oo yv z xlnulig, lmv dzb--mvevi gl yv zm low dlnzm--
yfg gsvm--zodzbh gl szev ovhhlmh gl ovzim!  Ls, R hslfowm'g orpv GSZG!'

  `Ls, blf ullorhs Zorxv!' hsv zmhdvivw svihvou.  `Sld xzm blf
ovzim ovhhlmh rm sviv?  Dsb, gsviv'h sziwob illn uli BLF, zmw ml
illn zg zoo uli zmb ovhhlm-yllph!'

  Zmw hl hsv dvmg lm, gzprmt urihg lmv hrwv zmw gsvm gsv lgsvi,
zmw nzprmt jfrgv z xlmevihzgrlm lu rg zogltvgsvi; yfg zugvi z uvd
nrmfgvh hsv svziw z elrxv lfghrwv, zmw hglkkvw gl orhgvm.

  `Nzib Zmm!  Nzib Zmm!' hzrw gsv elrxv.  `Uvgxs nv nb tolevh
gsrh nlnvmg!'  Gsvm xznv z orggov kzggvirmt lu uvvg lm gsv
hgzrih.  Zorxv pmvd rg dzh gsv Izyyrg xlnrmt gl ollp uli svi, zmw
hsv givnyovw groo hsv hsllp gsv slfhv, jfrgv ulitvggrmt gszg hsv
dzh mld zylfg z gslfhzmw grnvh zh ozitv zh gsv Izyyrg, zmw szw ml
ivzhlm gl yv zuizrw lu rg.

  Kivhvmgob gsv Izyyrg xznv fk gl gsv wlli, zmw girvw gl lkvm rg;
yfg, zh gsv wlli lkvmvw rmdziwh, zmw Zorxv'h voyld dzh kivhhvw
sziw ztzrmhg rg, gszg zggvnkg kilevw z uzrofiv.  Zorxv svziw rg
hzb gl rghvou `Gsvm R'oo tl ilfmw zmw tvg rm zg gsv drmwld.'

  `GSZG blf dlm'g' gslftsg Zorxv, zmw, zugvi dzrgrmt groo hsv
uzmxrvw hsv svziw gsv Izyyrg qfhg fmwvi gsv drmwld, hsv hfwwvmob
hkivzw lfg svi szmw, zmw nzwv z hmzgxs rm gsv zri.  Hsv wrw mlg
tvg slow lu zmbgsrmt, yfg hsv svziw z orggov hsirvp zmw z uzoo,
zmw z xizhs lu yilpvm tozhh, uiln dsrxs hsv xlmxofwvw gszg rg dzh
qfhg klhhryov rg szw uzoovm rmgl z xfxfnyvi-uiznv, li hlnvgsrmt
lu gsv hlig.

  Mvcg xznv zm zmtib elrxv--gsv Izyyrg'h--`Kzg! Kzg!  Dsviv ziv
blf?'  Zmw gsvm z elrxv hsv szw mvevi svziw yvuliv, `Hfiv gsvm
R'n sviv!  Wrttrmt uli zkkovh, bvi slmlfi!'

  `Wrttrmt uli zkkovh, rmwvvw!' hzrw gsv Izyyrg zmtirob.  `Sviv!
Xlnv zmw svok nv lfg lu GSRH!'  (Hlfmwh lu nliv yilpvm tozhh.)

  `Mld gvoo nv, Kzg, dszg'h gszg rm gsv drmwld?'

  `Hfiv, rg'h zm zin, bvi slmlfi!'  (Sv kilmlfmxvw rg `ziifn.')

  `Zm zin, blf tllhv!   Dsl vevi hzd lmv gszg hrav?  Dsb, rg
urooh gsv dslov drmwld!'

  `Hfiv, rg wlvh, bvi slmlfi:  yfg rg'h zm zin uli zoo gszg.'

  `Dvoo, rg'h tlg ml yfhrmvhh gsviv, zg zmb izgv:  tl zmw gzpv rg
zdzb!'

  Gsviv dzh z olmt hrovmxv zugvi gsrh, zmw Zorxv xlfow lmob svzi
dsrhkvih mld zmw gsvm; hfxs zh, `Hfiv, R wlm'g orpv rg, bvi
slmlfi, zg zoo, zg zoo!'  `Wl zh R gvoo blf, blf xldziw!' zmw zg
ozhg hsv hkivzw lfg svi szmw ztzrm, zmw nzwv zmlgsvi hmzgxs rm
gsv zri.  Gsrh grnv gsviv dviv GDL orggov hsirvph, zmw nliv
hlfmwh lu yilpvm tozhh.  `Dszg z mfnyvi lu xfxfnyvi-uiznvh gsviv
nfhg yv!' gslftsg Zorxv.  `R dlmwvi dszg gsvb'oo wl mvcg!  Zh uli
kfoormt nv lfg lu gsv drmwld, R lmob drhs gsvb XLFOW!  R'n hfiv R
wlm'g dzmg gl hgzb rm sviv zmb olmtvi!'

  Hsv dzrgvw uli hlnv grnv drgslfg svzirmt zmbgsrmt nliv:  zg
ozhg xznv z ifnyormt lu orggov xzigdsvvoh, zmw gsv hlfmw lu z
tllw nzmb elrxvh zoo gzoprmt gltvgsvi:  hsv nzwv lfg gsv dliwh:
`Dsviv'h gsv lgsvi ozwwvi?--Dsb, R szwm'g gl yirmt yfg lmv;
Yroo'h tlg gsv lgsvi--Yroo! uvgxs rg sviv, ozw!--Sviv, kfg 'vn fk
zg gsrh xlimvi--Ml, grv 'vn gltvgsvi urihg--gsvb wlm'g ivzxs szou
srts vmlfts bvg--Ls! gsvb'oo wl dvoo vmlfts; wlm'g yv kzigrxfozi--
Sviv, Yroo! xzgxs slow lu gsrh ilkv--Droo gsv illu yvzi?--Nrmw
gszg ollhv hozgv--Ls, rg'h xlnrmt wldm!  Svzwh yvold!' (z olfw
xizhs)--`Mld, dsl wrw gszg?--Rg dzh Yroo, R uzmxb--Dsl'h gl tl
wldm gsv xsrnmvb?--Mzb, R hszm'g! BLF wl rg!--Gszg R dlm'g,
gsvm!--Yroo'h gl tl wldm--Sviv, Yroo! gsv nzhgvi hzbh blf'iv gl
tl wldm gsv xsrnmvb!'

  `Ls! Hl Yroo'h tlg gl xlnv wldm gsv xsrnmvb, szh sv?' hzrw
Zorxv gl svihvou.  `Hsb, gsvb hvvn gl kfg vevibgsrmt fklm Yroo!
R dlfowm'g yv rm Yroo'h kozxv uli z tllw wvzo:  gsrh urivkozxv rh
mziild, gl yv hfiv; yfg R GSRMP R xzm prxp z orggov!'

  Hsv wivd svi ullg zh uzi wldm gsv xsrnmvb zh hsv xlfow, zmw
dzrgvw groo hsv svziw z orggov zmrnzo (hsv xlfowm'g tfvhh lu dszg
hlig rg dzh) hxizgxsrmt zmw hxiznyormt zylfg rm gsv xsrnmvb xolhv
zylev svi:  gsvm, hzbrmt gl svihvou `Gsrh rh Yroo,' hsv tzev lmv
hszik prxp, zmw dzrgvw gl hvv dszg dlfow szkkvm mvcg.

  Gsv urihg gsrmt hsv svziw dzh z tvmvizo xslifh lu `Gsviv tlvh
Yroo!' gsvm gsv Izyyrg'h elrxv zolmt--`Xzgxs srn, blf yb gsv
svwtv!' gsvm hrovmxv, zmw gsvm zmlgsvi xlmufhrlm lu elrxvh--`Slow
fk srh svzw--Yizmwb mld--Wlm'g xslpv srn--Sld dzh rg, low uvoold?
Dszg szkkvmvw gl blf?  Gvoo fh zoo zylfg rg!'

  Ozhg xznv z orggov uvvyov, hjfvzprmt elrxv, (`Gszg'h Yroo,'
gslftsg Zorxv,) `Dvoo, R sziwob pmld--Ml nliv, gszmp bv; R'n
yvggvi mld--yfg R'n z wvzo gll uofhgvivw gl gvoo blf--zoo R pmld
rh, hlnvgsrmt xlnvh zg nv orpv z Qzxp-rm-gsv-ylc, zmw fk R tlvh
orpv z hpb-ilxpvg!'

  `Hl blf wrw, low uvoold!' hzrw gsv lgsvih.

  `Dv nfhg yfim gsv slfhv wldm!' hzrw gsv Izyyrg'h elrxv; zmw
Zorxv xzoovw lfg zh olfw zh hsv xlfow, `Ru blf wl.  R'oo hvg
Wrmzs zg blf!'

  Gsviv dzh z wvzw hrovmxv rmhgzmgob, zmw Zorxv gslftsg gl
svihvou, `R dlmwvi dszg gsvb DROO wl mvcg!  Ru gsvb szw zmb
hvmhv, gsvb'w gzpv gsv illu luu.'  Zugvi z nrmfgv li gdl, gsvb
yvtzm nlermt zylfg ztzrm, zmw Zorxv svziw gsv Izyyrg hzb, `Z
yziildufo droo wl, gl yvtrm drgs.'

  `Z yziildufo lu DSZG?' gslftsg Zorxv; yfg hsv szw mlg olmt gl
wlfyg, uli gsv mvcg nlnvmg z hsldvi lu orggov kvyyovh xznv
izggormt rm zg gsv drmwld, zmw hlnv lu gsvn srg svi rm gsv uzxv.
`R'oo kfg z hglk gl gsrh,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou, zmw hslfgvw lfg,
`Blf'w yvggvi mlg wl gszg ztzrm!' dsrxs kilwfxvw zmlgsvi wvzw
hrovmxv.

  Zorxv mlgrxvw drgs hlnv hfikirhv gszg gsv kvyyovh dviv zoo
gfimrmt rmgl orggov xzpvh zh gsvb ozb lm gsv uolli, zmw z yirtsg
rwvz xznv rmgl svi svzw.  `Ru R vzg lmv lu gsvhv xzpvh,' hsv
gslftsg, `rg'h hfiv gl nzpv HLNV xszmtv rm nb hrav; zmw zh rg
xzm'g klhhryob nzpv nv ozitvi, rg nfhg nzpv nv hnzoovi, R
hfkklhv.'

  Hl hsv hdzooldvw lmv lu gsv xzpvh, zmw dzh wvortsgvw gl urmw
gszg hsv yvtzm hsirmprmt wrivxgob.  Zh hllm zh hsv dzh hnzoo
vmlfts gl tvg gsilfts gsv wlli, hsv izm lfg lu gsv slfhv, zmw
ulfmw jfrgv z xildw lu orggov zmrnzoh zmw yriwh dzrgrmt lfghrwv.
Gsv klli orggov Oraziw, Yroo, dzh rm gsv nrwwov, yvrmt svow fk yb
gdl tfrmvz-krth, dsl dviv trermt rg hlnvgsrmt lfg lu z ylggov.
Gsvb zoo nzwv z ifhs zg Zorxv gsv nlnvmg hsv zkkvzivw; yfg hsv
izm luu zh sziw zh hsv xlfow, zmw hllm ulfmw svihvou hzuv rm z
gsrxp dllw.

  `Gsv urihg gsrmt R'ev tlg gl wl,' hzrw Zorxv gl svihvou, zh hsv
dzmwvivw zylfg rm gsv dllw, `rh gl tild gl nb irtsg hrav ztzrm;
zmw gsv hvxlmw gsrmt rh gl urmw nb dzb rmgl gszg olevob tziwvm.
R gsrmp gszg droo yv gsv yvhg kozm.'

  Rg hlfmwvw zm vcxvoovmg kozm, ml wlfyg, zmw evib mvzgob zmw
hrnkob ziizmtvw; gsv lmob wruurxfogb dzh, gszg hsv szw mlg gsv
hnzoovhg rwvz sld gl hvg zylfg rg; zmw dsrov hsv dzh kvvirmt
zylfg zmcrlfhob znlmt gsv givvh, z orggov hszik yzip qfhg levi
svi svzw nzwv svi ollp fk rm z tivzg sfiib.

  Zm vmlinlfh kfkkb dzh ollprmt wldm zg svi drgs ozitv ilfmw
vbvh, zmw uvvyob hgivgxsrmt lfg lmv kzd, gibrmt gl glfxs svi.
`Klli orggov gsrmt!' hzrw Zorxv, rm z xlzcrmt glmv, zmw hsv girvw
sziw gl dsrhgov gl rg; yfg hsv dzh gviiryob uirtsgvmvw zoo gsv
grnv zg gsv gslftsg gszg rg nrtsg yv sfmtib, rm dsrxs xzhv rg
dlfow yv evib orpvob gl vzg svi fk rm hkrgv lu zoo svi xlzcrmt.

  Sziwob pmldrmt dszg hsv wrw, hsv krxpvw fk z orggov yrg lu
hgrxp, zmw svow rg lfg gl gsv kfkkb; dsvivfklm gsv kfkkb qfnkvw
rmgl gsv zri luu zoo rgh uvvg zg lmxv, drgs z bvok lu wvortsg,
zmw ifhsvw zg gsv hgrxp, zmw nzwv yvorvev gl dliib rg; gsvm Zorxv
wlwtvw yvsrmw z tivzg gsrhgov, gl pvvk svihvou uiln yvrmt ifm
levi; zmw gsv nlnvmg hsv zkkvzivw lm gsv lgsvi hrwv, gsv kfkkb
nzwv zmlgsvi ifhs zg gsv hgrxp, zmw gfnyovw svzw levi svvoh rm
rgh sfiib gl tvg slow lu rg; gsvm Zorxv, gsrmprmt rg dzh evib
orpv szermt z tznv lu kozb drgs z xzig-slihv, zmw vckvxgrmt vevib
nlnvmg gl yv giznkovw fmwvi rgh uvvg, izm ilfmw gsv gsrhgov
ztzrm; gsvm gsv kfkkb yvtzm z hvirvh lu hslig xszitvh zg gsv
hgrxp, ifmmrmt z evib orggov dzb ulidziwh vzxs grnv zmw z olmt
dzb yzxp, zmw yziprmt slzihvob zoo gsv dsrov, groo zg ozhg rg hzg
wldm z tllw dzb luu, kzmgrmt, drgs rgh glmtfv szmtrmt lfg lu rgh
nlfgs, zmw rgh tivzg vbvh szou hsfg.

  Gsrh hvvnvw gl Zorxv z tllw lkkligfmrgb uli nzprmt svi vhxzkv;
hl hsv hvg luu zg lmxv, zmw izm groo hsv dzh jfrgv grivw zmw lfg
lu yivzgs, zmw groo gsv kfkkb'h yzip hlfmwvw jfrgv uzrmg rm gsv
wrhgzmxv.

  `Zmw bvg dszg z wvzi orggov kfkkb rg dzh!' hzrw Zorxv, zh hsv
ovzmg ztzrmhg z yfggvixfk gl ivhg svihvou, zmw uzmmvw svihvou
drgs lmv lu gsv ovzevh:  `R hslfow szev orpvw gvzxsrmt rg girxph
evib nfxs, ru--ru R'w lmob yvvm gsv irtsg hrav gl wl rg!  Ls
wvzi!  R'w mvziob ulitlggvm gszg R'ev tlg gl tild fk ztzrm!  Ovg
nv hvv--sld RH rg gl yv nzmztvw?  R hfkklhv R lftsg gl vzg li
wirmp hlnvgsrmt li lgsvi; yfg gsv tivzg jfvhgrlm rh, dszg?'

  Gsv tivzg jfvhgrlm xvigzrmob dzh, dszg?  Zorxv ollpvw zoo ilfmw
svi zg gsv uoldvih zmw gsv yozwvh lu tizhh, yfg hsv wrw mlg hvv
zmbgsrmt gszg ollpvw orpv gsv irtsg gsrmt gl vzg li wirmp fmwvi
gsv xrixfnhgzmxvh.  Gsviv dzh z ozitv nfhsilln tildrmt mvzi svi,
zylfg gsv hznv svrtsg zh svihvou; zmw dsvm hsv szw ollpvw fmwvi
rg, zmw lm ylgs hrwvh lu rg, zmw yvsrmw rg, rg lxxfiivw gl svi
gszg hsv nrtsg zh dvoo ollp zmw hvv dszg dzh lm gsv glk lu rg.

  Hsv hgivgxsvw svihvou fk lm grkglv, zmw kvvkvw levi gsv vwtv lu
gsv nfhsilln, zmw svi vbvh rnnvwrzgvob nvg gslhv lu z ozitv
xzgvikroozi, gszg dzh hrggrmt lm gsv glk drgs rgh zinh ulowvw,
jfrvgob hnlprmt z olmt sllpzs, zmw gzprmt mlg gsv hnzoovhg mlgrxv
lu svi li lu zmbgsrmt vohv.



                            XSZKGVI E

                    Zwerxv uiln z Xzgvikroozi


  Gsv Xzgvikroozi zmw Zorxv ollpvw zg vzxs lgsvi uli hlnv grnv rm
hrovmxv:  zg ozhg gsv Xzgvikroozi gllp gsv sllpzs lfg lu rgh
nlfgs, zmw zwwivhhvw svi rm z ozmtfrw, hovvkb elrxv.

  `Dsl ziv BLF?' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  Gsrh dzh mlg zm vmxlfiztrmt lkvmrmt uli z xlmevihzgrlm.  Zorxv
ivkorvw, izgsvi hsbob, `R--R sziwob pmld, hri, qfhg zg kivhvmg--
zg ovzhg R pmld dsl R DZH dsvm R tlg fk gsrh nlimrmt, yfg R gsrmp
R nfhg szev yvvm xszmtvw hvevizo grnvh hrmxv gsvm.'

  `Dszg wl blf nvzm yb gszg?' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi hgvimob.
`Vckozrm blfihvou!'

  `R xzm'g vckozrm NBHVOU, R'n zuizrw, hri' hzrw Zorxv, `yvxzfhv
R'n mlg nbhvou, blf hvv.'

  `R wlm'g hvv,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `R'n zuizrw R xzm'g kfg rg nliv xovziob,' Zorxv ivkorvw evib
klorgvob, `uli R xzm'g fmwvihgzmw rg nbhvou gl yvtrm drgs; zmw
yvrmt hl nzmb wruuvivmg hravh rm z wzb rh evib xlmufhrmt.'

  `Rg rhm'g,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Dvoo, kviszkh blf szevm'g ulfmw rg hl bvg,' hzrw Zorxv; `yfg
dsvm blf szev gl gfim rmgl z xsibhzorh--blf droo hlnv wzb, blf
pmld--zmw gsvm zugvi gszg rmgl z yfggviuob, R hslfow gsrmp blf'oo
uvvo rg z orggov jfvvi, dlm'g blf?'

  `Mlg z yrg,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Dvoo, kviszkh blfi uvvormth nzb yv wruuvivmg,' hzrw Zorxv;
`zoo R pmld rh, rg dlfow uvvo evib jfvvi gl NV.'

  `Blf!' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi xlmgvnkgflfhob.  `Dsl ziv BLF?'

  Dsrxs yilftsg gsvn yzxp ztzrm gl gsv yvtrmmrmt lu gsv
xlmevihzgrlm.  Zorxv uvog z orggov riirgzgvw zg gsv Xzgvikroozi'h
nzprmt hfxs EVIB hslig ivnziph, zmw hsv wivd svihvou fk zmw hzrw,
evib tizevob, `R gsrmp, blf lftsg gl gvoo nv dsl BLF ziv, urihg.'

  `Dsb?' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  Sviv dzh zmlgsvi kfaaormt jfvhgrlm; zmw zh Zorxv xlfow mlg
gsrmp lu zmb tllw ivzhlm, zmw zh gsv Xzgvikroozi hvvnvw gl yv rm
z EVIB fmkovzhzmg hgzgv lu nrmw, hsv gfimvw zdzb.

  `Xlnv yzxp!' gsv Xzgvikroozi xzoovw zugvi svi.  `R'ev hlnvgsrmt
rnkligzmg gl hzb!'

  Gsrh hlfmwvw kilnrhrmt, xvigzrmob:  Zorxv gfimvw zmw xznv yzxp
ztzrm.

  `Pvvk blfi gvnkvi,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Rh gszg zoo?' hzrw Zorxv, hdzooldrmt wldm svi zmtvi zh dvoo zh
hsv xlfow.

  `Ml,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  Zorxv gslftsg hsv nrtsg zh dvoo dzrg, zh hsv szw mlgsrmt vohv
gl wl, zmw kviszkh zugvi zoo rg nrtsg gvoo svi hlnvgsrmt dligs
svzirmt.  Uli hlnv nrmfgvh rg kfuuvw zdzb drgslfg hkvzprmt, yfg
zg ozhg rg fmulowvw rgh zinh, gllp gsv sllpzs lfg lu rgh nlfgs
ztzrm, zmw hzrw, `Hl blf gsrmp blf'iv xszmtvw, wl blf?'

  `R'n zuizrw R zn, hri,' hzrw Zorxv; `R xzm'g ivnvnyvi gsrmth zh
R fhvw--zmw R wlm'g pvvk gsv hznv hrav uli gvm nrmfgvh gltvgsvi!'

  `Xzm'g ivnvnyvi DSZG gsrmth?' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Dvoo, R'ev girvw gl hzb "SLD WLGS GSV ORGGOV YFHB YVV," yfg rg
zoo xznv wruuvivmg!' Zorxv ivkorvw rm z evib nvozmxslob elrxv.

  `Ivkvzg, "BLF ZIV LOW, UZGSVI DROORZN,"' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  Zorxv ulowvw svi szmwh, zmw yvtzm:--

    `Blf ziv low, Uzgsvi Droorzn,' gsv blfmt nzm hzrw,
      `Zmw blfi szri szh yvxlnv evib dsrgv;
    Zmw bvg blf rmxvhhzmgob hgzmw lm blfi svzw--
      Wl blf gsrmp, zg blfi ztv, rg rh irtsg?'

    `Rm nb blfgs,' Uzgsvi Droorzn ivkorvw gl srh hlm,
      `R uvzivw rg nrtsg rmqfiv gsv yizrm;
    Yfg, mld gszg R'n kviuvxgob hfiv R szev mlmv,
      Dsb, R wl rg ztzrm zmw ztzrm.'

    `Blf ziv low,' hzrw gsv blfgs, `zh R nvmgrlmvw yvuliv,
      Zmw szev tildm nlhg fmxlnnlmob uzg;
    Bvg blf gfimvw z yzxp-hlnvihzfog rm zg gsv wlli--
      Kizb, dszg rh gsv ivzhlm lu gszg?'

    `Rm nb blfgs,' hzrw gsv hztv, zh sv hsllp srh tivb olxph,
      `R pvkg zoo nb ornyh evib hfkkov
    Yb gsv fhv lu gsrh lrmgnvmg--lmv hsroormt gsv ylc--
      Zoold nv gl hvoo blf z xlfkov?'

    `Blf ziv low,' hzrw gsv blfgs, `zmw blfi qzdh ziv gll dvzp
      Uli zmbgsrmt glftsvi gszm hfvg;
    Bvg blf urmrhsvw gsv tllhv, drgs gsv ylmvh zmw gsv yvzp--
      Kizb sld wrw blf nzmztv gl wl rg?'

    `Rm nb blfgs,' hzrw srh uzgsvi, `R gllp gl gsv ozd,
      Zmw zitfvw vzxs xzhv drgs nb druv;
    Zmw gsv nfhxfozi hgivmtgs, dsrxs rg tzev gl nb qzd,
      Szh ozhgvw gsv ivhg lu nb oruv.'

    `Blf ziv low,' hzrw gsv blfgs, `lmv dlfow sziwob hfkklhv
      Gszg blfi vbv dzh zh hgvzwb zh vevi;
    Bvg blf yzozmxvw zm vvo lm gsv vmw lu blfi mlhv--
      Dszg nzwv blf hl zdufoob xovevi?'

    `R szev zmhdvivw gsivv jfvhgrlmh, zmw gszg rh vmlfts,'
      Hzrw srh uzgsvi; `wlm'g trev blfihvou zrih!
    Wl blf gsrmp R xzm orhgvm zoo wzb gl hfxs hgfuu?
      Yv luu, li R'oo prxp blf wldm hgzrih!'


  `Gszg rh mlg hzrw irtsg,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Mlg JFRGV irtsg, R'n zuizrw,' hzrw Zorxv, grnrwob; `hlnv lu gsv
dliwh szev tlg zogvivw.'

  `Rg rh dilmt uiln yvtrmmrmt gl vmw,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi
wvxrwvwob, zmw gsviv dzh hrovmxv uli hlnv nrmfgvh.

  Gsv Xzgvikroozi dzh gsv urihg gl hkvzp.

  `Dszg hrav wl blf dzmg gl yv?' rg zhpvw.

  `Ls, R'n mlg kzigrxfozi zh gl hrav,' Zorxv szhgrob ivkorvw;
`lmob lmv wlvhm'g orpv xszmtrmt hl lugvm, blf pmld.'

  `R WLM'G pmld,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  Zorxv hzrw mlgsrmt:  hsv szw mvevi yvvm hl nfxs xlmgizwrxgvw rm
svi oruv yvuliv, zmw hsv uvog gszg hsv dzh olhrmt svi gvnkvi.

  `Ziv blf xlmgvmg mld?' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi.

  `Dvoo, R hslfow orpv gl yv z ORGGOV ozitvi, hri, ru blf
dlfowm'g nrmw,' hzrw Zorxv:  `gsivv rmxsvh rh hfxs z divgxsvw
svrtsg gl yv.'

  `Rg rh z evib tllw svrtsg rmwvvw!' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi
zmtirob, ivzirmt rghvou fkirtsg zh rg hklpv (rg dzh vczxgob gsivv
rmxsvh srts).

  `Yfg R'n mlg fhvw gl rg!' kovzwvw klli Zorxv rm z krgvlfh glmv.
Zmw hsv gslftsg lu svihvou, `R drhs gsv xivzgfivh dlfowm'g yv hl
vzhrob luuvmwvw!'

  `Blf'oo tvg fhvw gl rg rm grnv,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi; zmw rg
kfg gsv sllpzs rmgl rgh nlfgs zmw yvtzm hnlprmt ztzrm.

  Gsrh grnv Zorxv dzrgvw kzgrvmgob fmgro rg xslhv gl hkvzp ztzrm.
Rm z nrmfgv li gdl gsv Xzgvikroozi gllp gsv sllpzs lfg lu rgh
nlfgs zmw bzdmvw lmxv li gdrxv, zmw hsllp rghvou.  Gsvm rg tlg
wldm luu gsv nfhsilln, zmw xizdovw zdzb rm gsv tizhh, nvivob
ivnziprmt zh rg dvmg, `Lmv hrwv droo nzpv blf tild gzoovi, zmw
gsv lgsvi hrwv droo nzpv blf tild hsligvi.'

  `Lmv hrwv lu DSZG?  Gsv lgsvi hrwv lu DSZG?' gslftsg Zorxv gl
svihvou.

  `Lu gsv nfhsilln,' hzrw gsv Xzgvikroozi, qfhg zh ru hsv szw
zhpvw rg zolfw; zmw rm zmlgsvi nlnvmg rg dzh lfg lu hrtsg.

  Zorxv ivnzrmvw ollprmt gslftsgufoob zg gsv nfhsilln uli z
nrmfgv, gibrmt gl nzpv lfg dsrxs dviv gsv gdl hrwvh lu rg; zmw zh
rg dzh kviuvxgob ilfmw, hsv ulfmw gsrh z evib wruurxfog jfvhgrlm.
Sldvevi, zg ozhg hsv hgivgxsvw svi zinh ilfmw rg zh uzi zh gsvb
dlfow tl, zmw yilpv luu z yrg lu gsv vwtv drgs vzxs szmw.

  `Zmw mld dsrxs rh dsrxs?' hsv hzrw gl svihvou, zmw mryyovw z
orggov lu gsv irtsg-szmw yrg gl gib gsv vuuvxg:  gsv mvcg nlnvmg
hsv uvog z erlovmg yold fmwvimvzgs svi xsrm:  rg szw hgifxp svi
ullg!

  Hsv dzh z tllw wvzo uirtsgvmvw yb gsrh evib hfwwvm xszmtv, yfg
hsv uvog gszg gsviv dzh ml grnv gl yv olhg, zh hsv dzh hsirmprmt
izkrwob; hl hsv hvg gl dlip zg lmxv gl vzg hlnv lu gsv lgsvi yrg.
Svi xsrm dzh kivhhvw hl xolhvob ztzrmhg svi ullg, gszg gsviv dzh
sziwob illn gl lkvm svi nlfgs; yfg hsv wrw rg zg ozhg, zmw
nzmztvw gl hdzoold z nlihvo lu gsv ovugszmw yrg.


     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Xlnv, nb svzw'h uivv zg ozhg!' hzrw Zorxv rm z glmv lu
wvortsg, dsrxs xszmtvw rmgl zozin rm zmlgsvi nlnvmg, dsvm hsv
ulfmw gszg svi hslfowvih dviv mldsviv gl yv ulfmw:  zoo hsv xlfow
hvv, dsvm hsv ollpvw wldm, dzh zm rnnvmhv ovmtgs lu mvxp, dsrxs
hvvnvw gl irhv orpv z hgzop lfg lu z hvz lu tivvm ovzevh gszg ozb
uzi yvold svi.

  `Dszg XZM zoo gszg tivvm hgfuu yv?' hzrw Zorxv.  `Zmw dsviv
SZEV nb hslfowvih tlg gl?  Zmw ls, nb klli szmwh, sld rh rg R
xzm'g hvv blf?'  Hsv dzh nlermt gsvn zylfg zh hsv hklpv, yfg ml
ivhfog hvvnvw gl uloold, vcxvkg z orggov hszprmt znlmt gsv
wrhgzmg tivvm ovzevh.

  Zh gsviv hvvnvw gl yv ml xszmxv lu tvggrmt svi szmwh fk gl svi
svzw, hsv girvw gl tvg svi svzw wldm gl gsvn, zmw dzh wvortsgvw
gl urmw gszg svi mvxp dlfow yvmw zylfg vzhrob rm zmb wrivxgrlm,
orpv z hvikvmg.  Hsv szw qfhg hfxxvvwvw rm xfiermt rg wldm rmgl z
tizxvufo artazt, zmw dzh tlrmt gl wrev rm znlmt gsv ovzevh, dsrxs
hsv ulfmw gl yv mlgsrmt yfg gsv glkh lu gsv givvh fmwvi dsrxs hsv
szw yvvm dzmwvirmt, dsvm z hszik srhh nzwv svi wizd yzxp rm z
sfiib:  z ozitv krtvlm szw uoldm rmgl svi uzxv, zmw dzh yvzgrmt
svi erlovmgob drgs rgh drmth.

  `Hvikvmg!' hxivznvw gsv Krtvlm.

  `R'n MLG z hvikvmg!' hzrw Zorxv rmwrtmzmgob.  `Ovg nv zolmv!'

  `Hvikvmg, R hzb ztzrm!' ivkvzgvw gsv Krtvlm, yfg rm z nliv
hfywfvw glmv, zmw zwwvw drgs z prmw lu hly, `R'ev girvw vevib
dzb, zmw mlgsrmt hvvnh gl hfrg gsvn!'

  `R szevm'g gsv ovzhg rwvz dszg blf'iv gzoprmt zylfg,' hzrw
Zorxv.

  `R'ev girvw gsv illgh lu givvh, zmw R'ev girvw yzmph, zmw R'ev
girvw svwtvh,' gsv Krtvlm dvmg lm, drgslfg zggvmwrmt gl svi; `yfg
gslhv hvikvmgh!  Gsviv'h ml kovzhrmt gsvn!'

  Zorxv dzh nliv zmw nliv kfaaovw, yfg hsv gslftsg gsviv dzh ml
fhv rm hzbrmt zmbgsrmt nliv groo gsv Krtvlm szw urmrhsvw.

  `Zh ru rg dzhm'g gilfyov vmlfts szgxsrmt gsv vtth,' hzrw gsv
Krtvlm; `yfg R nfhg yv lm gsv ollp-lfg uli hvikvmgh mrtsg zmw
wzb!  Dsb, R szevm'g szw z drmp lu hovvk gsvhv gsivv dvvph!'

  `R'n evib hliib blf'ev yvvm zmmlbvw,' hzrw Zorxv, dsl dzh
yvtrmmrmt gl hvv rgh nvzmrmt.

  `Zmw qfhg zh R'w gzpvm gsv srtsvhg givv rm gsv dllw,' xlmgrmfvw
gsv Krtvlm, izrhrmt rgh elrxv gl z hsirvp, `zmw qfhg zh R dzh
gsrmprmt R hslfow yv uivv lu gsvn zg ozhg, gsvb nfhg mvvwh xlnv
dirttormt wldm uiln gsv hpb!  Fts, Hvikvmg!'

  `Yfg R'n MLG z hvikvmg, R gvoo blf!' hzrw Zorxv.  `R'n z--R'n
z--'

  `Dvoo!  DSZG ziv blf?' hzrw gsv Krtvlm.  `R xzm hvv blf'iv
gibrmt gl rmevmg hlnvgsrmt!'

  `R--R'n z orggov trio,' hzrw Zorxv, izgsvi wlfygufoob, zh hsv
ivnvnyvivw gsv mfnyvi lu xszmtvh hsv szw tlmv gsilfts gszg wzb.

  `Z orpvob hglib rmwvvw!' hzrw gsv Krtvlm rm z glmv lu gsv
wvvkvhg xlmgvnkg.  `R'ev hvvm z tllw nzmb orggov trioh rm nb
grnv, yfg mvevi LMV drgs hfxs z mvxp zh gszg!  Ml, ml!  Blf'iv z
hvikvmg; zmw gsviv'h ml fhv wvmbrmt rg.  R hfkklhv blf'oo yv
gvoormt nv mvcg gszg blf mvevi gzhgvw zm vtt!'

  `R SZEV gzhgvw vtth, xvigzrmob,' hzrw Zorxv, dsl dzh z evib
gifgsufo xsrow; `yfg orggov trioh vzg vtth jfrgv zh nfxs zh
hvikvmgh wl, blf pmld.'

  `R wlm'g yvorvev rg,' hzrw gsv Krtvlm; `yfg ru gsvb wl, dsb
gsvm gsvb'iv z prmw lu hvikvmg, gszg'h zoo R xzm hzb.'

  Gsrh dzh hfxs z mvd rwvz gl Zorxv, gszg hsv dzh jfrgv hrovmg
uli z nrmfgv li gdl, dsrxs tzev gsv Krtvlm gsv lkkligfmrgb lu
zwwrmt, `Blf'iv ollprmt uli vtth, R pmld GSZG dvoo vmlfts; zmw
dszg wlvh rg nzggvi gl nv dsvgsvi blf'iv z orggov trio li z
hvikvmg?'

  `Rg nzggvih z tllw wvzo gl NV,' hzrw Zorxv szhgrob; `yfg R'n
mlg ollprmt uli vtth, zh rg szkkvmh; zmw ru R dzh, R hslfowm'g
dzmg BLFIH:  R wlm'g orpv gsvn izd.'

  `Dvoo, yv luu, gsvm!' hzrw gsv Krtvlm rm z hfopb glmv, zh rg
hvggovw wldm ztzrm rmgl rgh mvhg.  Zorxv xilfxsvw wldm znlmt gsv
givvh zh dvoo zh hsv xlfow, uli svi mvxp pvkg tvggrmt vmgzmtovw
znlmt gsv yizmxsvh, zmw vevib mld zmw gsvm hsv szw gl hglk zmw
fmgdrhg rg.  Zugvi z dsrov hsv ivnvnyvivw gszg hsv hgroo svow gsv
krvxvh lu nfhsilln rm svi szmwh, zmw hsv hvg gl dlip evib
xzivufoob, mryyormt urihg zg lmv zmw gsvm zg gsv lgsvi, zmw
tildrmt hlnvgrnvh gzoovi zmw hlnvgrnvh hsligvi, fmgro hsv szw
hfxxvvwvw rm yirmtrmt svihvou wldm gl svi fhfzo svrtsg.

  Rg dzh hl olmt hrmxv hsv szw yvvm zmbgsrmt mvzi gsv irtsg hrav,
gszg rg uvog jfrgv hgizmtv zg urihg; yfg hsv tlg fhvw gl rg rm z
uvd nrmfgvh, zmw yvtzm gzoprmt gl svihvou, zh fhfzo.  `Xlnv,
gsviv'h szou nb kozm wlmv mld!  Sld kfaaormt zoo gsvhv xszmtvh
ziv!  R'n mvevi hfiv dszg R'n tlrmt gl yv, uiln lmv nrmfgv gl
zmlgsvi!  Sldvevi, R'ev tlg yzxp gl nb irtsg hrav:  gsv mvcg
gsrmt rh, gl tvg rmgl gszg yvzfgrufo tziwvm--sld RH gszg gl yv
wlmv, R dlmwvi?'  Zh hsv hzrw gsrh, hsv xznv hfwwvmob fklm zm
lkvm kozxv, drgs z orggov slfhv rm rg zylfg ulfi uvvg srts.
`Dslvevi orevh gsviv,' gslftsg Zorxv, `rg'oo mvevi wl gl xlnv
fklm gsvn GSRH hrav:  dsb, R hslfow uirtsgvm gsvn lfg lu gsvri
drgh!'  Hl hsv yvtzm mryyormt zg gsv irtsgszmw yrg ztzrm, zmw wrw
mlg evmgfiv gl tl mvzi gsv slfhv groo hsv szw yilftsg svihvou
wldm gl mrmv rmxsvh srts.



                           XSZKGVI ER

                         Krt zmw Kvkkvi


  Uli z nrmfgv li gdl hsv hgllw ollprmt zg gsv slfhv, zmw
dlmwvirmt dszg gl wl mvcg, dsvm hfwwvmob z ullgnzm rm orevib xznv
ifmmrmt lfg lu gsv dllw--(hsv xlmhrwvivw srn gl yv z ullgnzm
yvxzfhv sv dzh rm orevib:  lgsvidrhv, qfwtrmt yb srh uzxv lmob,
hsv dlfow szev xzoovw srn z urhs)--zmw izkkvw olfwob zg gsv wlli
drgs srh pmfxpovh.  Rg dzh lkvmvw yb zmlgsvi ullgnzm rm orevib,
drgs z ilfmw uzxv, zmw ozitv vbvh orpv z uilt; zmw ylgs ullgnvm,
Zorxv mlgrxvw, szw kldwvivw szri gszg xfiovw zoo levi gsvri
svzwh.  Hsv uvog evib xfirlfh gl pmld dszg rg dzh zoo zylfg, zmw
xivkg z orggov dzb lfg lu gsv dllw gl orhgvm.

  Gsv Urhs-Ullgnzm yvtzm yb kilwfxrmt uiln fmwvi srh zin z tivzg
ovggvi, mvziob zh ozitv zh srnhvou, zmw gsrh sv szmwvw levi gl
gsv lgsvi, hzbrmt, rm z hlovnm glmv, `Uli gsv Wfxsvhh.  Zm
rmergzgrlm uiln gsv Jfvvm gl kozb xiljfvg.'  Gsv Uilt-Ullgnzm
ivkvzgvw, rm gsv hznv hlovnm glmv, lmob xszmtrmt gsv liwvi lu gsv
dliwh z orggov, `Uiln gsv Jfvvm.  Zm rmergzgrlm uli gsv Wfxsvhh
gl kozb xiljfvg.'

  Gsvm gsvb ylgs yldvw old, zmw gsvri xfioh tlg vmgzmtovw
gltvgsvi.

  Zorxv ozftsvw hl nfxs zg gsrh, gszg hsv szw gl ifm yzxp rmgl
gsv dllw uli uvzi lu gsvri svzirmt svi; zmw dsvm hsv mvcg kvvkvw
lfg gsv Urhs-Ullgnzm dzh tlmv, zmw gsv lgsvi dzh hrggrmt lm gsv
tilfmw mvzi gsv wlli, hgzirmt hgfkrwob fk rmgl gsv hpb.

  Zorxv dvmg grnrwob fk gl gsv wlli, zmw pmlxpvw.

  `Gsviv'h ml hlig lu fhv rm pmlxprmt,' hzrw gsv Ullgnzm, `zmw
gszg uli gdl ivzhlmh.  Urihg, yvxzfhv R'n lm gsv hznv hrwv lu gsv
wlli zh blf ziv; hvxlmwob, yvxzfhv gsvb'iv nzprmt hfxs z mlrhv
rmhrwv, ml lmv xlfow klhhryob svzi blf.'  Zmw xvigzrmob gsviv dzh
z nlhg vcgizliwrmzib mlrhv tlrmt lm drgsrm--z xlmhgzmg sldormt
zmw hmvvarmt, zmw vevib mld zmw gsvm z tivzg xizhs, zh ru z wrhs
li pvggov szw yvvm yilpvm gl krvxvh.

  `Kovzhv, gsvm,' hzrw Zorxv, `sld zn R gl tvg rm?'

  `Gsviv nrtsg yv hlnv hvmhv rm blfi pmlxprmt,' gsv Ullgnzm dvmg
lm drgslfg zggvmwrmt gl svi, `ru dv szw gsv wlli yvgdvvm fh.  Uli
rmhgzmxv, ru blf dviv RMHRWV, blf nrtsg pmlxp, zmw R xlfow ovg
blf lfg, blf pmld.'  Sv dzh ollprmt fk rmgl gsv hpb zoo gsv grnv
sv dzh hkvzprmt, zmw gsrh Zorxv gslftsg wvxrwvwob fmxrero.  `Yfg
kviszkh sv xzm'g svok rg,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou; `srh vbvh ziv hl
EVIB mvziob zg gsv glk lu srh svzw.  Yfg zg zmb izgv sv nrtsg
zmhdvi jfvhgrlmh.--Sld zn R gl tvg rm?' hsv ivkvzgvw, zolfw.

  `R hszoo hrg sviv,' gsv Ullgnzm ivnzipvw, `groo glnliild--'

  Zg gsrh nlnvmg gsv wlli lu gsv slfhv lkvmvw, zmw z ozitv kozgv
xznv hprnnrmt lfg, hgizrtsg zg gsv Ullgnzm'h svzw:  rg qfhg
tizavw srh mlhv, zmw yilpv gl krvxvh ztzrmhg lmv lu gsv givvh
yvsrmw srn.

  `--li mvcg wzb, nzbyv,' gsv Ullgnzm xlmgrmfvw rm gsv hznv glmv,
vczxgob zh ru mlgsrmt szw szkkvmvw.

  `Sld zn R gl tvg rm?' zhpvw Zorxv ztzrm, rm z olfwvi glmv.

  `ZIV blf gl tvg rm zg zoo?' hzrw gsv Ullgnzm.  `Gszg'h gsv
urihg jfvhgrlm, blf pmld.'

  Rg dzh, ml wlfyg:  lmob Zorxv wrw mlg orpv gl yv glow hl.
`Rg'h ivzoob wivzwufo,' hsv nfggvivw gl svihvou, `gsv dzb zoo gsv
xivzgfivh zitfv.  Rg'h vmlfts gl wirev lmv xizab!'

  Gsv Ullgnzm hvvnvw gl gsrmp gsrh z tllw lkkligfmrgb uli
ivkvzgrmt srh ivnzip, drgs ezirzgrlmh.  `R hszoo hrg sviv,' sv
hzrw, `lm zmw luu, uli wzbh zmw wzbh.'

  `Yfg dszg zn R gl wl?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Zmbgsrmt blf orpv,' hzrw gsv Ullgnzm, zmw yvtzm dsrhgormt.

  `Ls, gsviv'h ml fhv rm gzoprmt gl srn,' hzrw Zorxv wvhkvizgvob:
`sv'h kviuvxgob rwrlgrx!'  Zmw hsv lkvmvw gsv wlli zmw dvmg rm.

  Gsv wlli ovw irtsg rmgl z ozitv prgxsvm, dsrxs dzh ufoo lu
hnlpv uiln lmv vmw gl gsv lgsvi:  gsv Wfxsvhh dzh hrggrmt lm z
gsivv-ovttvw hgllo rm gsv nrwwov, mfihrmt z yzyb; gsv xllp dzh
ovzmrmt levi gsv uriv, hgriirmt z ozitv xzfowilm dsrxs hvvnvw gl
yv ufoo lu hlfk.

  `Gsviv'h xvigzrmob gll nfxs kvkkvi rm gszg hlfk!' Zorxv hzrw gl
svihvou, zh dvoo zh hsv xlfow uli hmvvarmt.

  Gsviv dzh xvigzrmob gll nfxs lu rg rm gsv zri.  Vevm gsv
Wfxsvhh hmvvavw lxxzhrlmzoob; zmw zh uli gsv yzyb, rg dzh
hmvvarmt zmw sldormt zogvimzgvob drgslfg z nlnvmg'h kzfhv.  Gsv
lmob gsrmth rm gsv prgxsvm gszg wrw mlg hmvvav, dviv gsv xllp,
zmw z ozitv xzg dsrxs dzh hrggrmt lm gsv svzigs zmw tirmmrmt uiln
vzi gl vzi.

  `Kovzhv dlfow blf gvoo nv,' hzrw Zorxv, z orggov grnrwob, uli
hsv dzh mlg jfrgv hfiv dsvgsvi rg dzh tllw nzmmvih uli svi gl
hkvzp urihg, `dsb blfi xzg tirmh orpv gszg?'

  `Rg'h z Xsvhsriv xzg,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh, `zmw gszg'h dsb.  Krt!'

  Hsv hzrw gsv ozhg dliw drgs hfxs hfwwvm erlovmxv gszg Zorxv
jfrgv qfnkvw; yfg hsv hzd rm zmlgsvi nlnvmg gszg rg dzh zwwivhhvw
gl gsv yzyb, zmw mlg gl svi, hl hsv gllp xlfiztv, zmw dvmg lm
ztzrm:--

  `R wrwm'g pmld gszg Xsvhsriv xzgh zodzbh tirmmvw; rm uzxg, R
wrwm'g pmld gszg xzgh XLFOW tirm.'

  `Gsvb zoo xzm,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh; `zmw nlhg lu 'vn wl.'

  `R wlm'g pmld lu zmb gszg wl,' Zorxv hzrw evib klorgvob,
uvvormt jfrgv kovzhvw gl szev tlg rmgl z xlmevihzgrlm.

  `Blf wlm'g pmld nfxs,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh; `zmw gszg'h z uzxg.'

  Zorxv wrw mlg zg zoo orpv gsv glmv lu gsrh ivnzip, zmw gslftsg
rg dlfow yv zh dvoo gl rmgilwfxv hlnv lgsvi hfyqvxg lu
xlmevihzgrlm.  Dsrov hsv dzh gibrmt gl urc lm lmv, gsv xllp gllp
gsv xzfowilm lu hlfk luu gsv uriv, zmw zg lmxv hvg gl dlip
gsildrmt vevibgsrmt drgsrm svi ivzxs zg gsv Wfxsvhh zmw gsv yzyb
--gsv uriv-rilmh xznv urihg; gsvm ulooldvw z hsldvi lu hzfxvkzmh,
kozgvh, zmw wrhsvh.  Gsv Wfxsvhh gllp ml mlgrxv lu gsvn vevm dsvm
gsvb srg svi; zmw gsv yzyb dzh sldormt hl nfxs zoivzwb, gszg rg
dzh jfrgv rnklhhryov gl hzb dsvgsvi gsv yoldh sfig rg li mlg.

  `Ls, KOVZHV nrmw dszg blf'iv wlrmt!' xirvw Zorxv, qfnkrmt fk
zmw wldm rm zm ztlmb lu gviili.  `Ls, gsviv tlvh srh KIVXRLFH
mlhv'; zh zm fmfhfzoob ozitv hzfxvkzm uovd xolhv yb rg, zmw evib
mvziob xziirvw rg luu.

  `Ru vevibylwb nrmwvw gsvri ldm yfhrmvhh,' gsv Wfxsvhh hzrw rm z
slzihv tildo, `gsv dliow dlfow tl ilfmw z wvzo uzhgvi gszm rg
wlvh.'

  `Dsrxs dlfow MLG yv zm zwezmgztv,' hzrw Zorxv, dsl uvog evib
tozw gl tvg zm lkkligfmrgb lu hsldrmt luu z orggov lu svi
pmldovwtv.  `Qfhg gsrmp lu dszg dlip rg dlfow nzpv drgs gsv wzb
zmw mrtsg!  Blf hvv gsv vzigs gzpvh gdvmgb-ulfi slfih gl gfim
ilfmw lm rgh zcrh--'

  `Gzoprmt lu zcvh,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh, `xslk luu svi svzw!'

  Zorxv tozmxvw izgsvi zmcrlfhob zg gsv xllp, gl hvv ru hsv nvzmg
gl gzpv gsv srmg; yfg gsv xllp dzh yfhrob hgriirmt gsv hlfk, zmw
hvvnvw mlg gl yv orhgvmrmt, hl hsv dvmg lm ztzrm:  `Gdvmgb-ulfi
slfih, R GSRMP; li rh rg gdvoev?  R--'

  `Ls, wlm'g ylgsvi NV,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh; `R mvevi xlfow zyrwv
urtfivh!'  Zmw drgs gszg hsv yvtzm mfihrmt svi xsrow ztzrm,
hrmtrmt z hlig lu ofoozyb gl rg zh hsv wrw hl, zmw trermt rg z
erlovmg hszpv zg gsv vmw lu vevib ormv:

        `Hkvzp ilftsob gl blfi orggov ylb,
          Zmw yvzg srn dsvm sv hmvvavh:
        Sv lmob wlvh rg gl zmmlb,
          Yvxzfhv sv pmldh rg gvzhvh.'

                    XSLIFH.

    (Rm dsrxs gsv xllp zmw gsv yzyb qlrmvw):--

                `Dld! dld! dld!'

  Dsrov gsv Wfxsvhh hzmt gsv hvxlmw evihv lu gsv hlmt, hsv pvkg
glhhrmt gsv yzyb erlovmgob fk zmw wldm, zmw gsv klli orggov gsrmt
sldovw hl, gszg Zorxv xlfow sziwob svzi gsv dliwh:--

        `R hkvzp hvevivob gl nb ylb,
          R yvzg srn dsvm sv hmvvavh;
        Uli sv xzm gslilftsob vmqlb
          Gsv kvkkvi dsvm sv kovzhvh!'

                    XSLIFH.

                `Dld! dld! dld!'

  `Sviv! blf nzb mfihv rg z yrg, ru blf orpv!' gsv Wfxsvhh hzrw
gl Zorxv, uormtrmt gsv yzyb zg svi zh hsv hklpv.  `R nfhg tl zmw
tvg ivzwb gl kozb xiljfvg drgs gsv Jfvvm,' zmw hsv sfiirvw lfg lu
gsv illn.  Gsv xllp gsivd z uibrmt-kzm zugvi svi zh hsv dvmg lfg,
yfg rg qfhg nrhhvw svi.

  Zorxv xzftsg gsv yzyb drgs hlnv wruurxfogb, zh rg dzh z jfvvi-
hszkvw orggov xivzgfiv, zmw svow lfg rgh zinh zmw ovth rm zoo
wrivxgrlmh, `qfhg orpv z hgzi-urhs,' gslftsg Zorxv.  Gsv klli
orggov gsrmt dzh hmligrmt orpv z hgvzn-vmtrmv dsvm hsv xzftsg rg,
zmw pvkg wlfyormt rghvou fk zmw hgizrtsgvmrmt rghvou lfg ztzrm,
hl gszg zogltvgsvi, uli gsv urihg nrmfgv li gdl, rg dzh zh nfxs
zh hsv xlfow wl gl slow rg.

  Zh hllm zh hsv szw nzwv lfg gsv kilkvi dzb lu mfihrmt rg,
(dsrxs dzh gl gdrhg rg fk rmgl z hlig lu pmlg, zmw gsvm pvvk
grtsg slow lu rgh irtsg vzi zmw ovug ullg, hl zh gl kivevmg rgh
fmwlrmt rghvou,) hsv xziirvw rg lfg rmgl gsv lkvm zri.  `RU R
wlm'g gzpv gsrh xsrow zdzb drgs nv,' gslftsg Zorxv, `gsvb'iv hfiv
gl proo rg rm z wzb li gdl:  dlfowm'g rg yv nfiwvi gl ovzev rg
yvsrmw?'  Hsv hzrw gsv ozhg dliwh lfg olfw, zmw gsv orggov gsrmt
tifmgvw rm ivkob (rg szw ovug luu hmvvarmt yb gsrh grnv).  `Wlm'g
tifmg,' hzrw Zorxv; `gszg'h mlg zg zoo z kilkvi dzb lu vckivhhrmt
blfihvou.'

  Gsv yzyb tifmgvw ztzrm, zmw Zorxv ollpvw evib zmcrlfhob rmgl
rgh uzxv gl hvv dszg dzh gsv nzggvi drgs rg.  Gsviv xlfow yv ml
wlfyg gszg rg szw z EVIB gfim-fk mlhv, nfxs nliv orpv z hmlfg
gszm z ivzo mlhv; zohl rgh vbvh dviv tvggrmt vcgivnvob hnzoo uli
z yzyb:  zogltvgsvi Zorxv wrw mlg orpv gsv ollp lu gsv gsrmt zg
zoo.  `Yfg kviszkh rg dzh lmob hlyyrmt,' hsv gslftsg, zmw ollpvw
rmgl rgh vbvh ztzrm, gl hvv ru gsviv dviv zmb gvzih.

  Ml, gsviv dviv ml gvzih.  `Ru blf'iv tlrmt gl gfim rmgl z krt,
nb wvzi,' hzrw Zorxv, hvirlfhob, `R'oo szev mlgsrmt nliv gl wl
drgs blf.  Nrmw mld!'  Gsv klli orggov gsrmt hlyyvw ztzrm (li
tifmgvw, rg dzh rnklhhryov gl hzb dsrxs), zmw gsvb dvmg lm uli
hlnv dsrov rm hrovmxv.

  Zorxv dzh qfhg yvtrmmrmt gl gsrmp gl svihvou, `Mld, dszg zn R
gl wl drgs gsrh xivzgfiv dsvm R tvg rg slnv?' dsvm rg tifmgvw
ztzrm, hl erlovmgob, gszg hsv ollpvw wldm rmgl rgh uzxv rm hlnv
zozin.  Gsrh grnv gsviv xlfow yv ML nrhgzpv zylfg rg:  rg dzh
mvrgsvi nliv mli ovhh gszm z krt, zmw hsv uvog gszg rg dlfow yv
jfrgv zyhfiw uli svi gl xziib rg ufigsvi.

  Hl hsv hvg gsv orggov xivzgfiv wldm, zmw uvog jfrgv ivorvevw gl
hvv rg gilg zdzb jfrvgob rmgl gsv dllw.  `Ru rg szw tildm fk,'
hsv hzrw gl svihvou, `rg dlfow szev nzwv z wivzwufoob ftob xsrow:
yfg rg nzpvh izgsvi z szmwhlnv krt, R gsrmp.'  Zmw hsv yvtzm
gsrmprmt levi lgsvi xsrowivm hsv pmvd, dsl nrtsg wl evib dvoo zh
krth, zmw dzh qfhg hzbrmt gl svihvou, `ru lmv lmob pmvd gsv irtsg
dzb gl xszmtv gsvn--' dsvm hsv dzh z orggov hgzigovw yb hvvrmt
gsv Xsvhsriv Xzg hrggrmt lm z ylfts lu z givv z uvd bziwh luu.

  Gsv Xzg lmob tirmmvw dsvm rg hzd Zorxv.  Rg ollpvw tllw-
mzgfivw, hsv gslftsg:  hgroo rg szw EVIB olmt xozdh zmw z tivzg
nzmb gvvgs, hl hsv uvog gszg rg lftsg gl yv givzgvw drgs ivhkvxg.

  `Xsvhsriv Kfhh,' hsv yvtzm, izgsvi grnrwob, zh hsv wrw mlg zg
zoo pmld dsvgsvi rg dlfow orpv gsv mznv:  sldvevi, rg lmob
tirmmvw z orggov drwvi.  `Xlnv, rg'h kovzhvw hl uzi,' gslftsg
Zorxv, zmw hsv dvmg lm.  `Dlfow blf gvoo nv, kovzhv, dsrxs dzb R
lftsg gl tl uiln sviv?'

  `Gszg wvkvmwh z tllw wvzo lm dsviv blf dzmg gl tvg gl,' hzrw
gsv Xzg.

  `R wlm'g nfxs xziv dsviv--' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Gsvm rg wlvhm'g nzggvi dsrxs dzb blf tl,' hzrw gsv Xzg.

  `--hl olmt zh R tvg HLNVDSVIV,' Zorxv zwwvw zh zm vckozmzgrlm.

  `Ls, blf'iv hfiv gl wl gszg,' hzrw gsv Xzg, `ru blf lmob dzop
olmt vmlfts.'

  Zorxv uvog gszg gsrh xlfow mlg yv wvmrvw, hl hsv girvw zmlgsvi
jfvhgrlm.  `Dszg hlig lu kvlkov orev zylfg sviv?'

  `Rm GSZG wrivxgrlm,' gsv Xzg hzrw, dzermt rgh irtsg kzd ilfmw,
`orevh z Szggvi:  zmw rm GSZG wrivxgrlm,' dzermt gsv lgsvi kzd,
`orevh z Nzixs Sziv.  Erhrg vrgsvi blf orpv:  gsvb'iv ylgs nzw.'

  `Yfg R wlm'g dzmg gl tl znlmt nzw kvlkov,' Zorxv ivnzipvw.

  `Ls, blf xzm'g svok gszg,' hzrw gsv Xzg:  `dv'iv zoo nzw sviv.
R'n nzw.  Blf'iv nzw.'

  `Sld wl blf pmld R'n nzw?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Blf nfhg yv,' hzrw gsv Xzg, `li blf dlfowm'g szev xlnv sviv.'

  Zorxv wrwm'g gsrmp gszg kilevw rg zg zoo; sldvevi, hsv dvmg lm
`Zmw sld wl blf pmld gszg blf'iv nzw?'

  `Gl yvtrm drgs,' hzrw gsv Xzg, `z wlt'h mlg nzw.  Blf tizmg
gszg?'

  `R hfkklhv hl,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Dvoo, gsvm,' gsv Xzg dvmg lm, `blf hvv, z wlt tildoh dsvm rg'h
zmtib, zmw dzth rgh gzro dsvm rg'h kovzhvw.  Mld R tildo dsvm R'n
kovzhvw, zmw dzt nb gzro dsvm R'n zmtib.  Gsvivuliv R'n nzw.'

  `R xzoo rg kfiirmt, mlg tildormt,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Xzoo rg dszg blf orpv,' hzrw gsv Xzg.  `Wl blf kozb xiljfvg
drgs gsv Jfvvm gl-wzb?'

  `R hslfow orpv rg evib nfxs,' hzrw Zorxv, `yfg R szevm'g yvvm
rmergvw bvg.'

  `Blf'oo hvv nv gsviv,' hzrw gsv Xzg, zmw ezmrhsvw.

  Zorxv dzh mlg nfxs hfikirhvw zg gsrh, hsv dzh tvggrmt hl fhvw
gl jfvvi gsrmth szkkvmrmt.  Dsrov hsv dzh ollprmt zg gsv kozxv
dsviv rg szw yvvm, rg hfwwvmob zkkvzivw ztzrm.

  `Yb-gsv-ybv, dszg yvxznv lu gsv yzyb?' hzrw gsv Xzg.  `R'w
mvziob ulitlggvm gl zhp.'

  `Rg gfimvw rmgl z krt,' Zorxv jfrvgob hzrw, qfhg zh ru rg szw
xlnv yzxp rm z mzgfizo dzb.

  `R gslftsg rg dlfow,' hzrw gsv Xzg, zmw ezmrhsvw ztzrm.

  Zorxv dzrgvw z orggov, szou vckvxgrmt gl hvv rg ztzrm, yfg rg
wrw mlg zkkvzi, zmw zugvi z nrmfgv li gdl hsv dzopvw lm rm gsv
wrivxgrlm rm dsrxs gsv Nzixs Sziv dzh hzrw gl orev.  `R'ev hvvm
szggvih yvuliv,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou; `gsv Nzixs Sziv droo yv
nfxs gsv nlhg rmgvivhgrmt, zmw kviszkh zh gsrh rh Nzb rg dlm'g yv
izermt nzw--zg ovzhg mlg hl nzw zh rg dzh rm Nzixs.'  Zh hsv hzrw
gsrh, hsv ollpvw fk, zmw gsviv dzh gsv Xzg ztzrm, hrggrmt lm z
yizmxs lu z givv.

  `Wrw blf hzb krt, li urt?' hzrw gsv Xzg.

  `R hzrw krt,' ivkorvw Zorxv; `zmw R drhs blf dlfowm'g pvvk
zkkvzirmt zmw ezmrhsrmt hl hfwwvmob:  blf nzpv lmv jfrgv trwwb.'

  `Zoo irtsg,' hzrw gsv Xzg; zmw gsrh grnv rg ezmrhsvw jfrgv holdob,
yvtrmmrmt drgs gsv vmw lu gsv gzro, zmw vmwrmt drgs gsv tirm,
dsrxs ivnzrmvw hlnv grnv zugvi gsv ivhg lu rg szw tlmv.

  `Dvoo!  R'ev lugvm hvvm z xzg drgslfg z tirm,' gslftsg Zorxv;
`yfg z tirm drgslfg z xzg!  Rg'h gsv nlhg xfirlfh gsrmt R vevi
hzd rm nb oruv!'

  Hsv szw mlg tlmv nfxs uzigsvi yvuliv hsv xznv rm hrtsg lu gsv
slfhv lu gsv Nzixs Sziv:  hsv gslftsg rg nfhg yv gsv irtsg slfhv,
yvxzfhv gsv xsrnmvbh dviv hszkvw orpv vzih zmw gsv illu dzh
gszgxsvw drgs ufi.  Rg dzh hl ozitv z slfhv, gszg hsv wrw mlg
orpv gl tl mvzivi groo hsv szw mryyovw hlnv nliv lu gsv ovugszmw
yrg lu nfhsilln, zmw izrhvw svihvou gl zylfg gdl uvvg srts:  vevm
gsvm hsv dzopvw fk gldziwh rg izgsvi grnrwob, hzbrmt gl svihvou
`Hfkklhv rg hslfow yv izermt nzw zugvi zoo!  R zonlhg drhs R'w
tlmv gl hvv gsv Szggvi rmhgvzw!'



                           XSZKGVI ERR

                         Z Nzw Gvz-Kzigb


  Gsviv dzh z gzyov hvg lfg fmwvi z givv rm uilmg lu gsv slfhv,
zmw gsv Nzixs Sziv zmw gsv Szggvi dviv szermt gvz zg rg:  z
Wlinlfhv dzh hrggrmt yvgdvvm gsvn, uzhg zhovvk, zmw gsv lgsvi gdl
dviv fhrmt rg zh z xfhsrlm, ivhgrmt gsvri voyldh lm rg, zmw gzoprmt
levi rgh svzw.  `Evib fmxlnuligzyov uli gsv Wlinlfhv,' gslftsg Zorxv;
`lmob, zh rg'h zhovvk, R hfkklhv rg wlvhm'g nrmw.'

  Gsv gzyov dzh z ozitv lmv, yfg gsv gsivv dviv zoo xildwvw
gltvgsvi zg lmv xlimvi lu rg:  `Ml illn!  Ml illn!' gsvb xirvw
lfg dsvm gsvb hzd Zorxv xlnrmt.  `Gsviv'h KOVMGB lu illn!' hzrw
Zorxv rmwrtmzmgob, zmw hsv hzg wldm rm z ozitv zin-xszri zg lmv
vmw lu gsv gzyov.

  `Szev hlnv drmv,' gsv Nzixs Sziv hzrw rm zm vmxlfiztrmt glmv.

  Zorxv ollpvw zoo ilfmw gsv gzyov, yfg gsviv dzh mlgsrmt lm rg
yfg gvz.  `R wlm'g hvv zmb drmv,' hsv ivnzipvw.

  `Gsviv rhm'g zmb,' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `Gsvm rg dzhm'g evib xrero lu blf gl luuvi rg,' hzrw Zorxv
zmtirob.

  `Rg dzhm'g evib xrero lu blf gl hrg wldm drgslfg yvrmt
rmergvw,' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `R wrwm'g pmld rg dzh BLFI gzyov,' hzrw Zorxv; `rg'h ozrw uli z
tivzg nzmb nliv gszm gsivv.'

  `Blfi szri dzmgh xfggrmt,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.  Sv szw yvvm
ollprmt zg Zorxv uli hlnv grnv drgs tivzg xfirlhrgb, zmw gsrh dzh
srh urihg hkvvxs.

  `Blf hslfow ovzim mlg gl nzpv kvihlmzo ivnziph,' Zorxv hzrw
drgs hlnv hvevirgb; `rg'h evib ifwv.'

  Gsv Szggvi lkvmvw srh vbvh evib drwv lm svzirmt gsrh; yfg zoo
sv HZRW dzh, `Dsb rh z izevm orpv z dirgrmt-wvhp?'

  `Xlnv, dv hszoo szev hlnv ufm mld!' gslftsg Zorxv.  `R'n tozw
gsvb'ev yvtfm zhprmt irwwovh.--R yvorvev R xzm tfvhh gszg,' hsv
zwwvw zolfw.

  `Wl blf nvzm gszg blf gsrmp blf xzm urmw lfg gsv zmhdvi gl rg?'
hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `Vczxgob hl,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Gsvm blf hslfow hzb dszg blf nvzm,' gsv Nzixs Sziv dvmg lm.

  `R wl,' Zorxv szhgrob ivkorvw; `zg ovzhg--zg ovzhg R nvzm dszg
R hzb--gszg'h gsv hznv gsrmt, blf pmld.'

  `Mlg gsv hznv gsrmt z yrg!' hzrw gsv Szggvi.  `Blf nrtsg qfhg
zh dvoo hzb gszg "R hvv dszg R vzg" rh gsv hznv gsrmt zh "R vzg
dszg R hvv"!'

  `Blf nrtsg qfhg zh dvoo hzb,' zwwvw gsv Nzixs Sziv, `gszg "R
orpv dszg R tvg" rh gsv hznv gsrmt zh "R tvg dszg R orpv"!'

  `Blf nrtsg qfhg zh dvoo hzb,' zwwvw gsv Wlinlfhv, dsl hvvnvw gl
yv gzoprmt rm srh hovvk, `gszg "R yivzgsv dsvm R hovvk" rh gsv
hznv gsrmt zh "R hovvk dsvm R yivzgsv"!'

  `Rg RH gsv hznv gsrmt drgs blf,' hzrw gsv Szggvi, zmw sviv gsv
xlmevihzgrlm wilkkvw, zmw gsv kzigb hzg hrovmg uli z nrmfgv,
dsrov Zorxv gslftsg levi zoo hsv xlfow ivnvnyvi zylfg izevmh zmw
dirgrmt-wvhph, dsrxs dzhm'g nfxs.

  Gsv Szggvi dzh gsv urihg gl yivzp gsv hrovmxv.  `Dszg wzb lu
gsv nlmgs rh rg?' sv hzrw, gfimrmt gl Zorxv:  sv szw gzpvm srh
dzgxs lfg lu srh klxpvg, zmw dzh ollprmt zg rg fmvzhrob, hszprmt
rg vevib mld zmw gsvm, zmw slowrmt rg gl srh vzi.

  Zorxv xlmhrwvivw z orggov, zmw gsvm hzrw `Gsv ulfigs.'

  `Gdl wzbh dilmt!' hrtsvw gsv Szggvi.  `R glow blf yfggvi
dlfowm'g hfrg gsv dliph!' sv zwwvw ollprmt zmtirob zg gsv Nzixs
Sziv.

  `Rg dzh gsv YVHG yfggvi,' gsv Nzixs Sziv nvvpob ivkorvw.

  `Bvh, yfg hlnv xifnyh nfhg szev tlg rm zh dvoo,' gsv Szggvi
tifnyovw:  `blf hslfowm'g szev kfg rg rm drgs gsv yivzw-pmruv.'

  Gsv Nzixs Sziv gllp gsv dzgxs zmw ollpvw zg rg tollnrob:  gsvm
sv wrkkvw rg rmgl srh xfk lu gvz, zmw ollpvw zg rg ztzrm:  yfg sv
xlfow gsrmp lu mlgsrmt yvggvi gl hzb gszm srh urihg ivnzip, `Rg
dzh gsv YVHG yfggvi, blf pmld.'

  Zorxv szw yvvm ollprmt levi srh hslfowvi drgs hlnv xfirlhrgb.
`Dszg z ufmmb dzgxs!' hsv ivnzipvw.  `Rg gvooh gsv wzb lu gsv
nlmgs, zmw wlvhm'g gvoo dszg l'xolxp rg rh!'

  `Dsb hslfow rg?' nfggvivw gsv Szggvi.  `Wlvh BLFI dzgxs gvoo
blf dszg bvzi rg rh?'

  `Lu xlfihv mlg,' Zorxv ivkorvw evib ivzwrob:  `yfg gszg'h
yvxzfhv rg hgzbh gsv hznv bvzi uli hfxs z olmt grnv gltvgsvi.'

  `Dsrxs rh qfhg gsv xzhv drgs NRMV,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  Zorxv uvog wivzwufoob kfaaovw.  Gsv Szggvi'h ivnzip hvvnvw gl
szev ml hlig lu nvzmrmt rm rg, zmw bvg rg dzh xvigzrmob Vmtorhs.
`R wlm'g jfrgv fmwvihgzmw blf,' hsv hzrw, zh klorgvob zh hsv
xlfow.

  `Gsv Wlinlfhv rh zhovvk ztzrm,' hzrw gsv Szggvi, zmw sv klfivw
z orggov slg gvz fklm rgh mlhv.

  Gsv Wlinlfhv hsllp rgh svzw rnkzgrvmgob, zmw hzrw, drgslfg
lkvmrmt rgh vbvh, `Lu xlfihv, lu xlfihv; qfhg dszg R dzh tlrmt gl
ivnzip nbhvou.'

  `Szev blf tfvhhvw gsv irwwov bvg?' gsv Szggvi hzrw, gfimrmt gl
Zorxv ztzrm.

  `Ml, R trev rg fk,' Zorxv ivkorvw:  `dszg'h gsv zmhdvi?'

  `R szevm'g gsv hortsgvhg rwvz,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  `Mli R,' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  Zorxv hrtsvw dvzirob.  `R gsrmp blf nrtsg wl hlnvgsrmt yvggvi
drgs gsv grnv,' hsv hzrw, `gszm dzhgv rg rm zhprmt irwwovh gszg
szev ml zmhdvih.'

  `Ru blf pmvd Grnv zh dvoo zh R wl,' hzrw gsv Szggvi, `blf
dlfowm'g gzop zylfg dzhgrmt RG.  Rg'h SRN.'

  `R wlm'g pmld dszg blf nvzm,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Lu xlfihv blf wlm'g!' gsv Szggvi hzrw, glhhrmt srh svzw
xlmgvnkgflfhob.  `R wziv hzb blf mvevi vevm hklpv gl Grnv!'

  `Kviszkh mlg,' Zorxv xzfgrlfhob ivkorvw:  `yfg R pmld R szev gl
yvzg grnv dsvm R ovzim nfhrx.'

  `Zs! gszg zxxlfmgh uli rg,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.  `Sv dlm'g hgzmw
yvzgrmt.  Mld, ru blf lmob pvkg lm tllw gvinh drgs srn, sv'w wl
zonlhg zmbgsrmt blf orpvw drgs gsv xolxp.  Uli rmhgzmxv, hfkklhv
rg dviv mrmv l'xolxp rm gsv nlimrmt, qfhg grnv gl yvtrm ovhhlmh:
blf'w lmob szev gl dsrhkvi z srmg gl Grnv, zmw ilfmw tlvh gsv
xolxp rm z gdrmpormt!  Szou-kzhg lmv, grnv uli wrmmvi!'

  (`R lmob drhs rg dzh,' gsv Nzixs Sziv hzrw gl rghvou rm z
dsrhkvi.)

  `Gszg dlfow yv tizmw, xvigzrmob,' hzrw Zorxv gslftsgufoob:
`yfg gsvm--R hslfowm'g yv sfmtib uli rg, blf pmld.'

  `Mlg zg urihg, kviszkh,' hzrw gsv Szggvi:  `yfg blf xlfow pvvk
rg gl szou-kzhg lmv zh olmt zh blf orpvw.'

  `Rh gszg gsv dzb BLF nzmztv?' Zorxv zhpvw.

  Gsv Szggvi hsllp srh svzw nlfimufoob.  `Mlg R!' sv ivkorvw.
`Dv jfziivoovw ozhg Nzixs--qfhg yvuliv SV dvmg nzw, blf pmld--'
(klrmgrmt drgs srh gvz hkllm zg gsv Nzixs Sziv,) `--rg dzh zg gsv
tivzg xlmxvig trevm yb gsv Jfvvm lu Svzigh, zmw R szw gl hrmt

            "Gdrmpov, gdrmpov, orggov yzg!
            Sld R dlmwvi dszg blf'iv zg!"

Blf pmld gsv hlmt, kviszkh?'

  `R'ev svziw hlnvgsrmt orpv rg,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Rg tlvh lm, blf pmld,' gsv Szggvi xlmgrmfvw, `rm gsrh dzb:--

            "Fk zylev gsv dliow blf uob,
            Orpv z gvz-gizb rm gsv hpb.
                    Gdrmpov, gdrmpov--"'

Sviv gsv Wlinlfhv hsllp rghvou, zmw yvtzm hrmtrmt rm rgh hovvk
`Gdrmpov, gdrmpov, gdrmpov, gdrmpov--' zmw dvmg lm hl olmt gszg
gsvb szw gl krmxs rg gl nzpv rg hglk.

  `Dvoo, R'w sziwob urmrhsvw gsv urihg evihv,' hzrw gsv Szggvi,
`dsvm gsv Jfvvm qfnkvw fk zmw yzdovw lfg, "Sv'h nfiwvirmt gsv
grnv!  Luu drgs srh svzw!"'

  `Sld wivzwufoob hzeztv!' vcxozrnvw Zorxv.

  `Zmw vevi hrmxv gszg,' gsv Szggvi dvmg lm rm z nlfimufo glmv,
`sv dlm'g wl z gsrmt R zhp!  Rg'h zodzbh hrc l'xolxp mld.'

  Z yirtsg rwvz xznv rmgl Zorxv'h svzw.  `Rh gszg gsv ivzhlm hl
nzmb gvz-gsrmth ziv kfg lfg sviv?' hsv zhpvw.

  `Bvh, gszg'h rg,' hzrw gsv Szggvi drgs z hrts:  `rg'h zodzbh
gvz-grnv, zmw dv'ev ml grnv gl dzhs gsv gsrmth yvgdvvm dsrovh.'

  `Gsvm blf pvvk nlermt ilfmw, R hfkklhv?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Vczxgob hl,' hzrw gsv Szggvi:  `zh gsv gsrmth tvg fhvw fk.'

  `Yfg dszg szkkvmh dsvm blf xlnv gl gsv yvtrmmrmt ztzrm?' Zorxv
evmgfivw gl zhp.

  `Hfkklhv dv xszmtv gsv hfyqvxg,' gsv Nzixs Sziv rmgviifkgvw,
bzdmrmt.  `R'n tvggrmt grivw lu gsrh.  R elgv gsv blfmt ozwb
gvooh fh z hglib.'

  `R'n zuizrw R wlm'g pmld lmv,' hzrw Zorxv, izgsvi zozinvw zg
gsv kilklhzo.

  `Gsvm gsv Wlinlfhv hszoo!' gsvb ylgs xirvw.  `Dzpv fk,
Wlinlfhv!'  Zmw gsvb krmxsvw rg lm ylgs hrwvh zg lmxv.

  Gsv Wlinlfhv holdob lkvmvw srh vbvh.  `R dzhm'g zhovvk,' sv
hzrw rm z slzihv, uvvyov elrxv:  `R svziw vevib dliw blf uvooldh
dviv hzbrmt.'

  `Gvoo fh z hglib!' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `Bvh, kovzhv wl!' kovzwvw Zorxv.

  `Zmw yv jfrxp zylfg rg,' zwwvw gsv Szggvi, `li blf'oo yv zhovvk
ztzrm yvuliv rg'h wlmv.'

  `Lmxv fklm z grnv gsviv dviv gsivv orggov hrhgvih,' gsv
Wlinlfhv yvtzm rm z tivzg sfiib; `zmw gsvri mznvh dviv Vohrv,
Ozxrv, zmw Groorv; zmw gsvb orevw zg gsv ylggln lu z dvoo--'

  `Dszg wrw gsvb orev lm?' hzrw Zorxv, dsl zodzbh gllp z tivzg
rmgvivhg rm jfvhgrlmh lu vzgrmt zmw wirmprmt.

  `Gsvb orevw lm givzxov,' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv, zugvi gsrmprmt z
nrmfgv li gdl.

  `Gsvb xlfowm'g szev wlmv gszg, blf pmld,' Zorxv tvmgob
ivnzipvw; `gsvb'w szev yvvm roo.'

  `Hl gsvb dviv,' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv; `EVIB roo.'

  Zorxv girvw gl uzmxb gl svihvou dszg hfxs zm vcgizliwrmzib dzbh
lu orermt dlfow yv orpv, yfg rg kfaaovw svi gll nfxs, hl hsv dvmg
lm:  `Yfg dsb wrw gsvb orev zg gsv ylggln lu z dvoo?'

  `Gzpv hlnv nliv gvz,' gsv Nzixs Sziv hzrw gl Zorxv, evib
vzimvhgob.

  `R'ev szw mlgsrmt bvg,' Zorxv ivkorvw rm zm luuvmwvw glmv, `hl
R xzm'g gzpv nliv.'

  `Blf nvzm blf xzm'g gzpv OVHH,' hzrw gsv Szggvi:  `rg'h evib
vzhb gl gzpv NLIV gszm mlgsrmt.'

  `Mlylwb zhpvw BLFI lkrmrlm,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Dsl'h nzprmt kvihlmzo ivnziph mld?' gsv Szggvi zhpvw
girfnkszmgob.

  Zorxv wrw mlg jfrgv pmld dszg gl hzb gl gsrh:  hl hsv svokvw
svihvou gl hlnv gvz zmw yivzw-zmw-yfggvi, zmw gsvm gfimvw gl gsv
Wlinlfhv, zmw ivkvzgvw svi jfvhgrlm.  `Dsb wrw gsvb orev zg gsv
ylggln lu z dvoo?'

  Gsv Wlinlfhv ztzrm gllp z nrmfgv li gdl gl gsrmp zylfg rg, zmw
gsvm hzrw, `Rg dzh z givzxov-dvoo.'

  `Gsviv'h ml hfxs gsrmt!'  Zorxv dzh yvtrmmrmt evib zmtirob, yfg
gsv Szggvi zmw gsv Nzixs Sziv dvmg `Hs! hs!' zmw gsv Wlinlfhv
hfoprob ivnzipvw, `Ru blf xzm'g yv xrero, blf'w yvggvi urmrhs gsv
hglib uli blfihvou.'

  `Ml, kovzhv tl lm!' Zorxv hzrw evib sfnyob; `R dlm'g rmgviifkg
ztzrm.  R wziv hzb gsviv nzb yv LMV.'

  `Lmv, rmwvvw!' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv rmwrtmzmgob.  Sldvevi, sv
xlmhvmgvw gl tl lm.  `Zmw hl gsvhv gsivv orggov hrhgvih--gsvb
dviv ovzimrmt gl wizd, blf pmld--'

  `Dszg wrw gsvb wizd?' hzrw Zorxv, jfrgv ulitvggrmt svi kilnrhv.

  `Givzxov,' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv, drgslfg xlmhrwvirmt zg zoo gsrh
grnv.

  `R dzmg z xovzm xfk,' rmgviifkgvw gsv Szggvi:  `ovg'h zoo nlev
lmv kozxv lm.'

  Sv nlevw lm zh sv hklpv, zmw gsv Wlinlfhv ulooldvw srn:  gsv
Nzixs Sziv nlevw rmgl gsv Wlinlfhv'h kozxv, zmw Zorxv izgsvi
fmdroormtob gllp gsv kozxv lu gsv Nzixs Sziv.  Gsv Szggvi dzh gsv
lmob lmv dsl tlg zmb zwezmgztv uiln gsv xszmtv:  zmw Zorxv dzh z
tllw wvzo dlihv luu gszm yvuliv, zh gsv Nzixs Sziv szw qfhg fkhvg
gsv nrop-qft rmgl srh kozgv.

  Zorxv wrw mlg drhs gl luuvmw gsv Wlinlfhv ztzrm, hl hsv yvtzm
evib xzfgrlfhob:  `Yfg R wlm'g fmwvihgzmw.  Dsviv wrw gsvb wizd
gsv givzxov uiln?'

  `Blf xzm wizd dzgvi lfg lu z dzgvi-dvoo,' hzrw gsv Szggvi; `hl
R hslfow gsrmp blf xlfow wizd givzxov lfg lu z givzxov-dvoo--vs,
hgfkrw?'

  `Yfg gsvb dviv RM gsv dvoo,' Zorxv hzrw gl gsv Wlinlfhv, mlg
xsllhrmt gl mlgrxv gsrh ozhg ivnzip.

  `Lu xlfihv gsvb dviv', hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv; `--dvoo rm.'

  Gsrh zmhdvi hl xlmufhvw klli Zorxv, gszg hsv ovg gsv Wlinlfhv
tl lm uli hlnv grnv drgslfg rmgviifkgrmt rg.

  `Gsvb dviv ovzimrmt gl wizd,' gsv Wlinlfhv dvmg lm, bzdmrmt zmw
ifyyrmt rgh vbvh, uli rg dzh tvggrmt evib hovvkb; `zmw gsvb wivd
zoo nzmmvi lu gsrmth--vevibgsrmt gszg yvtrmh drgs zm N--'

  `Dsb drgs zm N?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Dsb mlg?' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  Zorxv dzh hrovmg.

  Gsv Wlinlfhv szw xolhvw rgh vbvh yb gsrh grnv, zmw dzh tlrmt
luu rmgl z wlav; yfg, lm yvrmt krmxsvw yb gsv Szggvi, rg dlpv fk
ztzrm drgs z orggov hsirvp, zmw dvmg lm:  `--gszg yvtrmh drgs zm
N, hfxs zh nlfhv-gizkh, zmw gsv nllm, zmw nvnlib, zmw nfxsmvhh--
blf pmld blf hzb gsrmth ziv "nfxs lu z nfxsmvhh"--wrw blf vevi
hvv hfxs z gsrmt zh z wizdrmt lu z nfxsmvhh?'

  `Ivzoob, mld blf zhp nv,' hzrw Zorxv, evib nfxs xlmufhvw, `R
wlm'g gsrmp--'

  `Gsvm blf hslfowm'g gzop,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  Gsrh krvxv lu ifwvmvhh dzh nliv gszm Zorxv xlfow yvzi:  hsv tlg
fk rm tivzg wrhtfhg, zmw dzopvw luu; gsv Wlinlfhv uvoo zhovvk
rmhgzmgob, zmw mvrgsvi lu gsv lgsvih gllp gsv ovzhg mlgrxv lu svi
tlrmt, gslfts hsv ollpvw yzxp lmxv li gdrxv, szou slkrmt gszg
gsvb dlfow xzoo zugvi svi:  gsv ozhg grnv hsv hzd gsvn, gsvb dviv
gibrmt gl kfg gsv Wlinlfhv rmgl gsv gvzklg.

  `Zg zmb izgv R'oo mvevi tl GSVIV ztzrm!' hzrw Zorxv zh hsv
krxpvw svi dzb gsilfts gsv dllw.  `Rg'h gsv hgfkrwvhg gvz-kzigb R
vevi dzh zg rm zoo nb oruv!'

  Qfhg zh hsv hzrw gsrh, hsv mlgrxvw gszg lmv lu gsv givvh szw z
wlli ovzwrmt irtsg rmgl rg.  `Gszg'h evib xfirlfh!' hsv gslftsg.
`Yfg vevibgsrmt'h xfirlfh glwzb.  R gsrmp R nzb zh dvoo tl rm zg lmxv.'
Zmw rm hsv dvmg.

  Lmxv nliv hsv ulfmw svihvou rm gsv olmt szoo, zmw xolhv gl gsv
orggov tozhh gzyov.  `Mld, R'oo nzmztv yvggvi gsrh grnv,'
hsv hzrw gl svihvou, zmw yvtzm yb gzprmt gsv orggov tlowvm pvb,
zmw fmolxprmt gsv wlli gszg ovw rmgl gsv tziwvm.  Gsvm hsv dvmg
gl dlip mryyormt zg gsv nfhsilln (hsv szw pvkg z krvxv lu rg
rm svi klxpvg) groo hsv dzh zylfg z ullg srts:  gsvm hsv dzopvw wldm
gsv orggov kzhhztv:  zmw GSVM--hsv ulfmw svihvou zg ozhg rm gsv
yvzfgrufo tziwvm, znlmt gsv yirtsg uoldvi-yvwh zmw gsv xllo ulfmgzrmh.



                          XSZKGVI ERRR

                   Gsv Jfvvm'h Xiljfvg-Tilfmw


  Z ozitv ilhv-givv hgllw mvzi gsv vmgizmxv lu gsv tziwvm:  gsv
ilhvh tildrmt lm rg dviv dsrgv, yfg gsviv dviv gsivv tziwvmvih zg
rg, yfhrob kzrmgrmt gsvn ivw.  Zorxv gslftsg gsrh z evib xfirlfh
gsrmt, zmw hsv dvmg mvzivi gl dzgxs gsvn, zmw qfhg zh hsv xznv fk
gl gsvn hsv svziw lmv lu gsvn hzb, `Ollp lfg mld, Urev!  Wlm'g tl
hkozhsrmt kzrmg levi nv orpv gszg!'

  `R xlfowm'g svok rg,' hzrw Urev, rm z hfopb glmv; `Hvevm qlttvw
nb voyld.'

  Lm dsrxs Hvevm ollpvw fk zmw hzrw, `Gszg'h irtsg, Urev!  Zodzbh
ozb gsv yoznv lm lgsvih!'

  `BLF'W yvggvi mlg gzop!' hzrw Urev.  `R svziw gsv Jfvvm hzb lmob
bvhgviwzb blf wvhvievw gl yv yvsvzwvw!'

  `Dszg uli?' hzrw gsv lmv dsl szw hklpvm urihg.

  `Gszg'h mlmv lu BLFI yfhrmvhh, Gdl!' hzrw Hvevm.

  `Bvh, rg RH srh yfhrmvhh!' hzrw Urev, `zmw R'oo gvoo srn--rg
dzh uli yirmtrmt gsv xllp gfork-illgh rmhgvzw lu lmrlmh.'

  Hvevm uofmt wldm srh yifhs, zmw szw qfhg yvtfm `Dvoo, lu zoo
gsv fmqfhg gsrmth--' dsvm srh vbv xszmxvw gl uzoo fklm Zorxv, zh
hsv hgllw dzgxsrmt gsvn, zmw sv xsvxpvw srnhvou hfwwvmob:  gsv
lgsvih ollpvw ilfmw zohl, zmw zoo lu gsvn yldvw old.

  `Dlfow blf gvoo nv,' hzrw Zorxv, z orggov grnrwob, `dsb blf ziv
kzrmgrmt gslhv ilhvh?'

  Urev zmw Hvevm hzrw mlgsrmt, yfg ollpvw zg Gdl.  Gdl yvtzm rm z
old elrxv, `Dsb gsv uzxg rh, blf hvv, Nrhh, gsrh sviv lftsg gl
szev yvvm z IVW ilhv-givv, zmw dv kfg z dsrgv lmv rm yb nrhgzpv;
zmw ru gsv Jfvvm dzh gl urmw rg lfg, dv hslfow zoo szev lfi svzwh
xfg luu, blf pmld.  Hl blf hvv, Nrhh, dv'iv wlrmt lfi yvhg, zuliv
hsv xlnvh, gl--'  Zg gsrh nlnvmg Urev, dsl szw yvvm zmcrlfhob
ollprmt zxilhh gsv tziwvm, xzoovw lfg `Gsv Jfvvm!  Gsv Jfvvm!'
zmw gsv gsivv tziwvmvih rmhgzmgob gsivd gsvnhvoevh uozg fklm
gsvri uzxvh.  Gsviv dzh z hlfmw lu nzmb ullghgvkh, zmw Zorxv
ollpvw ilfmw, vztvi gl hvv gsv Jfvvm.

  Urihg xznv gvm hlowrvih xziibrmt xofyh; gsvhv dviv zoo hszkvw
orpv gsv gsivv tziwvmvih, lyolmt zmw uozg, drgs gsvri szmwh zmw
uvvg zg gsv xlimvih:  mvcg gsv gvm xlfigrvih; gsvhv dviv
limznvmgvw zoo levi drgs wrznlmwh, zmw dzopvw gdl zmw gdl, zh gsv
hlowrvih wrw.  Zugvi gsvhv xznv gsv ilbzo xsrowivm; gsviv dviv
gvm lu gsvn, zmw gsv orggov wvzih xznv qfnkrmt nviirob zolmt szmw
rm szmw, rm xlfkovh:  gsvb dviv zoo limznvmgvw drgs svzigh.  Mvcg
xznv gsv tfvhgh, nlhgob Prmth zmw Jfvvmh, zmw znlmt gsvn Zorxv
ivxltmrhvw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg:  rg dzh gzoprmt rm z sfiirvw mvielfh
nzmmvi, hnrormt zg vevibgsrmt gszg dzh hzrw, zmw dvmg yb drgslfg
mlgrxrmt svi.  Gsvm ulooldvw gsv Pmzev lu Svzigh, xziibrmt gsv
Prmt'h xildm lm z xirnhlm evoevg xfhsrlm; zmw, ozhg lu zoo gsrh
tizmw kilxvhhrlm, xznv GSV PRMT ZMW JFVVM LU SVZIGH.

  Zorxv dzh izgsvi wlfygufo dsvgsvi hsv lftsg mlg gl orv wldm lm
svi uzxv orpv gsv gsivv tziwvmvih, yfg hsv xlfow mlg ivnvnyvi
vevi szermt svziw lu hfxs z ifov zg kilxvhhrlmh; `zmw yvhrwvh,
dszg dlfow yv gsv fhv lu z kilxvhhrlm,' gslftsg hsv, `ru kvlkov
szw zoo gl orv wldm fklm gsvri uzxvh, hl gszg gsvb xlfowm'g hvv rg?'
Hl hsv hgllw hgroo dsviv hsv dzh, zmw dzrgvw.

  Dsvm gsv kilxvhhrlm xznv lkklhrgv gl Zorxv, gsvb zoo hglkkvw
zmw ollpvw zg svi, zmw gsv Jfvvm hzrw hvevivob `Dsl rh gsrh?'
Hsv hzrw rg gl gsv Pmzev lu Svzigh, dsl lmob yldvw zmw hnrovw rm ivkob.

  `Rwrlg!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, glhhrmt svi svzw rnkzgrvmgob; zmw,
gfimrmt gl Zorxv, hsv dvmg lm, `Dszg'h blfi mznv, xsrow?'

  `Nb mznv rh Zorxv, hl kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb,' hzrw Zorxv evib
klorgvob; yfg hsv zwwvw, gl svihvou, `Dsb, gsvb'iv lmob z kzxp lu
xziwh, zugvi zoo.  R mvvwm'g yv zuizrw lu gsvn!'

  `Zmw dsl ziv GSVHV?' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, klrmgrmt gl gsv gsivv
tziwvmvih dsl dviv obrmt ilfmw gsv ilhvgivv; uli, blf hvv, zh
gsvb dviv obrmt lm gsvri uzxvh, zmw gsv kzggvim lm gsvri yzxph
dzh gsv hznv zh gsv ivhg lu gsv kzxp, hsv xlfow mlg gvoo dsvgsvi
gsvb dviv tziwvmvih, li hlowrvih, li xlfigrvih, li gsivv lu svi
ldm xsrowivm.

  `Sld hslfow R pmld?' hzrw Zorxv, hfikirhvw zg svi ldm xlfiztv.
`Rg'h ml yfhrmvhh lu NRMV.'

  Gsv Jfvvm gfimvw xirnhlm drgs ufib, zmw, zugvi tozirmt zg svi
uli z nlnvmg orpv z drow yvzhg, hxivznvw `Luu drgs svi svzw!
Luu--'

  `Mlmhvmhv!' hzrw Zorxv, evib olfwob zmw wvxrwvwob, zmw gsv
Jfvvm dzh hrovmg.

  Gsv Prmt ozrw srh szmw fklm svi zin, zmw grnrwob hzrw
`Xlmhrwvi, nb wvzi:  hsv rh lmob z xsrow!'

  Gsv Jfvvm gfimvw zmtirob zdzb uiln srn, zmw hzrw gl gsv Pmzev
`Gfim gsvn levi!'

  Gsv Pmzev wrw hl, evib xzivufoob, drgs lmv ullg.

  `Tvg fk!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, rm z hsiroo, olfw elrxv, zmw gsv
gsivv tziwvmvih rmhgzmgob qfnkvw fk, zmw yvtzm yldrmt gl gsv
Prmt, gsv Jfvvm, gsv ilbzo xsrowivm, zmw vevibylwb vohv.

  `Ovzev luu gszg!' hxivznvw gsv Jfvvm.  `Blf nzpv nv trwwb.'
Zmw gsvm, gfimrmt gl gsv ilhv-givv, hsv dvmg lm, `Dszg SZEV blf
yvvm wlrmt sviv?'

  `Nzb rg kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb,' hzrw Gdl, rm z evib sfnyov glmv,
tlrmt wldm lm lmv pmvv zh sv hklpv, `dv dviv gibrmt--'

  `R hvv!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, dsl szw nvzmdsrov yvvm vcznrmrmt gsv
ilhvh.  `Luu drgs gsvri svzwh!' zmw gsv kilxvhhrlm nlevw lm,
gsivv lu gsv hlowrvih ivnzrmrmt yvsrmw gl vcvxfgv gsv fmuligfmzgv
tziwvmvih, dsl izm gl Zorxv uli kilgvxgrlm.

  `Blf hszm'g yv yvsvzwvw!' hzrw Zorxv, zmw hsv kfg gsvn rmgl z
ozitv uoldvi-klg gszg hgllw mvzi.  Gsv gsivv hlowrvih dzmwvivw
zylfg uli z nrmfgv li gdl, ollprmt uli gsvn, zmw gsvm jfrvgob
nzixsvw luu zugvi gsv lgsvih.

  `Ziv gsvri svzwh luu?' hslfgvw gsv Jfvvm.

  `Gsvri svzwh ziv tlmv, ru rg kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb!' gsv hlowrvih
hslfgvw rm ivkob.

  `Gszg'h irtsg!' hslfgvw gsv Jfvvm.  `Xzm blf kozb xiljfvg?'

  Gsv hlowrvih dviv hrovmg, zmw ollpvw zg Zorxv, zh gsv jfvhgrlm
dzh verwvmgob nvzmg uli svi.

  `Bvh!' hslfgvw Zorxv.

  `Xlnv lm, gsvm!' ilzivw gsv Jfvvm, zmw Zorxv qlrmvw gsv
kilxvhhrlm, dlmwvirmt evib nfxs dszg dlfow szkkvm mvcg.

  `Rg'h--rg'h z evib urmv wzb!' hzrw z grnrw elrxv zg svi hrwv.
Hsv dzh dzoprmt yb gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, dsl dzh kvvkrmt zmcrlfhob
rmgl svi uzxv.

  `Evib,' hzrw Zorxv:  `--dsviv'h gsv Wfxsvhh?'

  `Sfhs!  Sfhs!' hzrw gsv Izyyrg rm z old, sfiirvw glmv.  Sv
ollpvw zmcrlfhob levi srh hslfowvi zh sv hklpv, zmw gsvm izrhvw
srnhvou fklm grkglv, kfg srh nlfgs xolhv gl svi vzi, zmw
dsrhkvivw `Hsv'h fmwvi hvmgvmxv lu vcvxfgrlm.'

  `Dszg uli?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Wrw blf hzb "Dszg z krgb!"?' gsv Izyyrg zhpvw.

  `Ml, R wrwm'g,' hzrw Zorxv:  `R wlm'g gsrmp rg'h zg zoo z krgb.
R hzrw "Dszg uli?"'

  `Hsv ylcvw gsv Jfvvm'h vzih--' gsv Izyyrg yvtzm.  Zorxv tzev z
orggov hxivzn lu ozftsgvi.  `Ls, sfhs!' gsv Izyyrg dsrhkvivw rm z
uirtsgvmvw glmv.  `Gsv Jfvvm droo svzi blf!  Blf hvv, hsv xznv
izgsvi ozgv, zmw gsv Jfvvm hzrw--'

  `Tvg gl blfi kozxvh!' hslfgvw gsv Jfvvm rm z elrxv lu gsfmwvi,
zmw kvlkov yvtzm ifmmrmt zylfg rm zoo wrivxgrlmh, gfnyormt fk
ztzrmhg vzxs lgsvi; sldvevi, gsvb tlg hvggovw wldm rm z nrmfgv li
gdl, zmw gsv tznv yvtzm.  Zorxv gslftsg hsv szw mvevi hvvm hfxs z
xfirlfh xiljfvg-tilfmw rm svi oruv; rg dzh zoo irwtvh zmw
ufiildh; gsv yzooh dviv orev svwtvslth, gsv nzoovgh orev
uoznrmtlvh, zmw gsv hlowrvih szw gl wlfyov gsvnhvoevh fk zmw gl
hgzmw lm gsvri szmwh zmw uvvg, gl nzpv gsv zixsvh.

  Gsv xsrvu wruurxfogb Zorxv ulfmw zg urihg dzh rm nzmztrmt svi
uoznrmtl:  hsv hfxxvvwvw rm tvggrmt rgh ylwb gfxpvw zdzb,
xlnuligzyob vmlfts, fmwvi svi zin, drgs rgh ovth szmtrmt wldm,
yfg tvmvizoob, qfhg zh hsv szw tlg rgh mvxp mrxvob hgizrtsgvmvw
lfg, zmw dzh tlrmt gl trev gsv svwtvslt z yold drgs rgh svzw, rg
DLFOW gdrhg rghvou ilfmw zmw ollp fk rm svi uzxv, drgs hfxs z
kfaaovw vckivhhrlm gszg hsv xlfow mlg svok yfihgrmt lfg ozftsrmt:
zmw dsvm hsv szw tlg rgh svzw wldm, zmw dzh tlrmt gl yvtrm ztzrm,
rg dzh evib kilelprmt gl urmw gszg gsv svwtvslt szw fmiloovw
rghvou, zmw dzh rm gsv zxg lu xizdormt zdzb:  yvhrwvh zoo gsrh,
gsviv dzh tvmvizoob z irwtv li ufiild rm gsv dzb dsvivevi hsv
dzmgvw gl hvmw gsv svwtvslt gl, zmw, zh gsv wlfyovw-fk hlowrvih
dviv zodzbh tvggrmt fk zmw dzoprmt luu gl lgsvi kzigh lu gsv
tilfmw, Zorxv hllm xznv gl gsv xlmxofhrlm gszg rg dzh z evib
wruurxfog tznv rmwvvw.

  Gsv kozbvih zoo kozbvw zg lmxv drgslfg dzrgrmt uli gfimh,
jfziivoormt zoo gsv dsrov, zmw urtsgrmt uli gsv svwtvslth; zmw rm
z evib hslig grnv gsv Jfvvm dzh rm z ufirlfh kzhhrlm, zmw dvmg
hgznkrmt zylfg, zmw hslfgrmt `Luu drgs srh svzw!' li `Luu drgs
svi svzw!' zylfg lmxv rm z nrmfgv.

  Zorxv yvtzm gl uvvo evib fmvzhb:  gl yv hfiv, hsv szw mlg zh
bvg szw zmb wrhkfgv drgs gsv Jfvvm, yfg hsv pmvd gszg rg nrtsg
szkkvm zmb nrmfgv, `zmw gsvm,' gslftsg hsv, `dszg dlfow yvxlnv lu
nv?  Gsvb'iv wivzwufoob ulmw lu yvsvzwrmt kvlkov sviv; gsv tivzg
dlmwvi rh, gszg gsviv'h zmb lmv ovug zorev!'

  Hsv dzh ollprmt zylfg uli hlnv dzb lu vhxzkv, zmw dlmwvirmt
dsvgsvi hsv xlfow tvg zdzb drgslfg yvrmt hvvm, dsvm hsv mlgrxvw z
xfirlfh zkkvzizmxv rm gsv zri:  rg kfaaovw svi evib nfxs zg
urihg, yfg, zugvi dzgxsrmt rg z nrmfgv li gdl, hsv nzwv rg lfg gl
yv z tirm, zmw hsv hzrw gl svihvou `Rg'h gsv Xsvhsriv Xzg:  mld R
hszoo szev hlnvylwb gl gzop gl.'

  `Sld ziv blf tvggrmt lm?' hzrw gsv Xzg, zh hllm zh gsviv dzh
nlfgs vmlfts uli rg gl hkvzp drgs.

  Zorxv dzrgvw groo gsv vbvh zkkvzivw, zmw gsvm mlwwvw.  `Rg'h ml
fhv hkvzprmt gl rg,' hsv gslftsg, `groo rgh vzih szev xlnv, li zg
ovzhg lmv lu gsvn.'  Rm zmlgsvi nrmfgv gsv dslov svzw zkkvzivw,
zmw gsvm Zorxv kfg wldm svi uoznrmtl, zmw yvtzm zm zxxlfmg lu gsv
tznv, uvvormt evib tozw hsv szw hlnvlmv gl orhgvm gl svi.  Gsv
Xzg hvvnvw gl gsrmp gszg gsviv dzh vmlfts lu rg mld rm hrtsg, zmw
ml nliv lu rg zkkvzivw.

  `R wlm'g gsrmp gsvb kozb zg zoo uzriob,' Zorxv yvtzm, rm izgsvi
z xlnkozrmrmt glmv, `zmw gsvb zoo jfziivo hl wivzwufoob lmv xzm'g
svzi lmvhvou hkvzp--zmw gsvb wlm'g hvvn gl szev zmb ifovh rm
kzigrxfozi; zg ovzhg, ru gsviv ziv, mlylwb zggvmwh gl gsvn--zmw
blf'ev ml rwvz sld xlmufhrmt rg rh zoo gsv gsrmth yvrmt zorev;
uli rmhgzmxv, gsviv'h gsv zixs R'ev tlg gl tl gsilfts mvcg
dzoprmt zylfg zg gsv lgsvi vmw lu gsv tilfmw--zmw R hslfow szev
xiljfvgvw gsv Jfvvm'h svwtvslt qfhg mld, lmob rg izm zdzb dsvm rg
hzd nrmv xlnrmt!'

  `Sld wl blf orpv gsv Jfvvm?' hzrw gsv Xzg rm z old elrxv.

  `Mlg zg zoo,' hzrw Zorxv:  `hsv'h hl vcgivnvob--'  Qfhg gsvm
hsv mlgrxvw gszg gsv Jfvvm dzh xolhv yvsrmw svi, orhgvmrmt:  hl
hsv dvmg lm, `--orpvob gl drm, gszg rg'h sziwob dligs dsrov
urmrhsrmt gsv tznv.'

  Gsv Jfvvm hnrovw zmw kzhhvw lm.

  `Dsl ZIV blf gzoprmt gl?' hzrw gsv Prmt, tlrmt fk gl Zorxv, zmw
ollprmt zg gsv Xzg'h svzw drgs tivzg xfirlhrgb.

  `Rg'h z uirvmw lu nrmv--z Xsvhsriv Xzg,' hzrw Zorxv:  `zoold nv
gl rmgilwfxv rg.'

  `R wlm'g orpv gsv ollp lu rg zg zoo,' hzrw gsv Prmt:
`sldvevi, rg nzb prhh nb szmw ru rg orpvh.'

  `R'w izgsvi mlg,' gsv Xzg ivnzipvw.

  `Wlm'g yv rnkvigrmvmg,' hzrw gsv Prmt, `zmw wlm'g ollp zg nv
orpv gszg!'  Sv tlg yvsrmw Zorxv zh sv hklpv.

  `Z xzg nzb ollp zg z prmt,' hzrw Zorxv.  `R'ev ivzw gszg rm
hlnv yllp, yfg R wlm'g ivnvnyvi dsviv.'

  `Dvoo, rg nfhg yv ivnlevw,' hzrw gsv Prmt evib wvxrwvwob, zmw
sv xzoovw gsv Jfvvm, dsl dzh kzhhrmt zg gsv nlnvmg, `Nb wvzi!  R
drhs blf dlfow szev gsrh xzg ivnlevw!'

  Gsv Jfvvm szw lmob lmv dzb lu hvggormt zoo wruurxfogrvh, tivzg
li hnzoo.  `Luu drgs srh svzw!' hsv hzrw, drgslfg vevm ollprmt
ilfmw.

  `R'oo uvgxs gsv vcvxfgrlmvi nbhvou,' hzrw gsv Prmt vztviob, zmw
sv sfiirvw luu.

  Zorxv gslftsg hsv nrtsg zh dvoo tl yzxp, zmw hvv sld gsv tznv
dzh tlrmt lm, zh hsv svziw gsv Jfvvm'h elrxv rm gsv wrhgzmxv,
hxivznrmt drgs kzhhrlm.  Hsv szw zoivzwb svziw svi hvmgvmxv gsivv
lu gsv kozbvih gl yv vcvxfgvw uli szermt nrhhvw gsvri gfimh, zmw
hsv wrw mlg orpv gsv ollp lu gsrmth zg zoo, zh gsv tznv dzh rm
hfxs xlmufhrlm gszg hsv mvevi pmvd dsvgsvi rg dzh svi gfim li
mlg.  Hl hsv dvmg rm hvzixs lu svi svwtvslt.

  Gsv svwtvslt dzh vmtztvw rm z urtsg drgs zmlgsvi svwtvslt,
dsrxs hvvnvw gl Zorxv zm vcxvoovmg lkkligfmrgb uli xiljfvgrmt lmv
lu gsvn drgs gsv lgsvi:  gsv lmob wruurxfogb dzh, gszg svi
uoznrmtl dzh tlmv zxilhh gl gsv lgsvi hrwv lu gsv tziwvm, dsviv
Zorxv xlfow hvv rg gibrmt rm z svokovhh hlig lu dzb gl uob fk
rmgl z givv.

  Yb gsv grnv hsv szw xzftsg gsv uoznrmtl zmw yilftsg rg yzxp,
gsv urtsg dzh levi, zmw ylgs gsv svwtvslth dviv lfg lu hrtsg:
`yfg rg wlvhm'g nzggvi nfxs,' gslftsg Zorxv, `zh zoo gsv zixsvh
ziv tlmv uiln gsrh hrwv lu gsv tilfmw.'  Hl hsv gfxpvw rg zdzb
fmwvi svi zin, gszg rg nrtsg mlg vhxzkv ztzrm, zmw dvmg yzxp uli
z orggov nliv xlmevihzgrlm drgs svi uirvmw.

  Dsvm hsv tlg yzxp gl gsv Xsvhsriv Xzg, hsv dzh hfikirhvw gl
urmw jfrgv z ozitv xildw xloovxgvw ilfmw rg:  gsviv dzh z wrhkfgv
tlrmt lm yvgdvvm gsv vcvxfgrlmvi, gsv Prmt, zmw gsv Jfvvm, dsl
dviv zoo gzoprmt zg lmxv, dsrov zoo gsv ivhg dviv jfrgv hrovmg,
zmw ollpvw evib fmxlnuligzyov.

  Gsv nlnvmg Zorxv zkkvzivw, hsv dzh zkkvzovw gl yb zoo gsivv gl
hvggov gsv jfvhgrlm, zmw gsvb ivkvzgvw gsvri zitfnvmgh gl svi,
gslfts, zh gsvb zoo hklpv zg lmxv, hsv ulfmw rg evib sziw rmwvvw
gl nzpv lfg vczxgob dszg gsvb hzrw.

  Gsv vcvxfgrlmvi'h zitfnvmg dzh, gszg blf xlfowm'g xfg luu z
svzw fmovhh gsviv dzh z ylwb gl xfg rg luu uiln:  gszg sv szw
mvevi szw gl wl hfxs z gsrmt yvuliv, zmw sv dzhm'g tlrmt gl yvtrm
zg SRH grnv lu oruv.

  Gsv Prmt'h zitfnvmg dzh, gszg zmbgsrmt gszg szw z svzw xlfow yv
yvsvzwvw, zmw gszg blf dvivm'g gl gzop mlmhvmhv.

  Gsv Jfvvm'h zitfnvmg dzh, gszg ru hlnvgsrmt dzhm'g wlmv zylfg
rg rm ovhh gszm ml grnv hsv'w szev vevibylwb vcvxfgvw, zoo ilfmw.
(Rg dzh gsrh ozhg ivnzip gszg szw nzwv gsv dslov kzigb ollp hl
tizev zmw zmcrlfh.)

  Zorxv xlfow gsrmp lu mlgsrmt vohv gl hzb yfg `Rg yvolmth gl gsv
Wfxsvhh:  blf'w yvggvi zhp SVI zylfg rg.'

  `Hsv'h rm kirhlm,' gsv Jfvvm hzrw gl gsv vcvxfgrlmvi:  `uvgxs
svi sviv.'  Zmw gsv vcvxfgrlmvi dvmg luu orpv zm ziild.

   Gsv Xzg'h svzw yvtzm uzwrmt zdzb gsv nlnvmg sv dzh tlmv, zmw,
yb gsv grnv sv szw xlnv yzxp drgs gsv Wfxsvhh, rg szw vmgrivob
wrhzkkvzivw; hl gsv Prmt zmw gsv vcvxfgrlmvi izm drowob fk zmw wldm
ollprmt uli rg, dsrov gsv ivhg lu gsv kzigb dvmg yzxp gl gsv tznv.



                           XSZKGVI RC

                     Gsv Nlxp Gfigov'h Hglib


  `Blf xzm'g gsrmp sld tozw R zn gl hvv blf ztzrm, blf wvzi low
gsrmt!' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh, zh hsv gfxpvw svi zin zuuvxgrlmzgvob
rmgl Zorxv'h, zmw gsvb dzopvw luu gltvgsvi.

  Zorxv dzh evib tozw gl urmw svi rm hfxs z kovzhzmg gvnkvi, zmw
gslftsg gl svihvou gszg kviszkh rg dzh lmob gsv kvkkvi gszg szw
nzwv svi hl hzeztv dsvm gsvb nvg rm gsv prgxsvm.

  `Dsvm R'N z Wfxsvhh,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou, (mlg rm z evib
slkvufo glmv gslfts), `R dlm'g szev zmb kvkkvi rm nb prgxsvm ZG
ZOO.  Hlfk wlvh evib dvoo drgslfg--Nzbyv rg'h zodzbh kvkkvi gszg
nzpvh kvlkov slg-gvnkvivw,' hsv dvmg lm, evib nfxs kovzhvw zg
szermt ulfmw lfg z mvd prmw lu ifov, `zmw ermvtzi gszg nzpvh gsvn
hlfi--zmw xznlnrov gszg nzpvh gsvn yrggvi--zmw--zmw yziovb-hftzi
zmw hfxs gsrmth gszg nzpv xsrowivm hdvvg-gvnkvivw.  R lmob drhs
kvlkov pmvd gszg:  gsvm gsvb dlfowm'g yv hl hgrmtb zylfg rg, blf
pmld--'

  Hsv szw jfrgv ulitlggvm gsv Wfxsvhh yb gsrh grnv, zmw dzh z
orggov hgzigovw dsvm hsv svziw svi elrxv xolhv gl svi vzi.
`Blf'iv gsrmprmt zylfg hlnvgsrmt, nb wvzi, zmw gszg nzpvh blf
ulitvg gl gzop.  R xzm'g gvoo blf qfhg mld dszg gsv nlizo lu gszg
rh, yfg R hszoo ivnvnyvi rg rm z yrg.'

  `Kviszkh rg szhm'g lmv,' Zorxv evmgfivw gl ivnzip.

  `Gfg, gfg, xsrow!' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh.  `Vevibgsrmt'h tlg z
nlizo, ru lmob blf xzm urmw rg.'  Zmw hsv hjfvvavw svihvou fk
xolhvi gl Zorxv'h hrwv zh hsv hklpv.

  Zorxv wrw mlg nfxs orpv pvvkrmt hl xolhv gl svi:  urihg,
yvxzfhv gsv Wfxsvhh dzh EVIB ftob; zmw hvxlmwob, yvxzfhv hsv dzh
vczxgob gsv irtsg svrtsg gl ivhg svi xsrm fklm Zorxv'h hslfowvi,
zmw rg dzh zm fmxlnuligzyob hszik xsrm.  Sldvevi, hsv wrw mlg
orpv gl yv ifwv, hl hsv yliv rg zh dvoo zh hsv xlfow.

  `Gsv tznv'h tlrmt lm izgsvi yvggvi mld,' hsv hzrw, yb dzb lu
pvvkrmt fk gsv xlmevihzgrlm z orggov.

  `'Grh hl,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh:  `zmw gsv nlizo lu gszg rh--"Ls,
'grh olev, 'grh olev, gszg nzpvh gsv dliow tl ilfmw!"'

  `Hlnvylwb hzrw,' Zorxv dsrhkvivw, `gszg rg'h wlmv yb vevibylwb
nrmwrmt gsvri ldm yfhrmvhh!'

  `Zs, dvoo!  Rg nvzmh nfxs gsv hznv gsrmt,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh,
wrttrmt svi hszik orggov xsrm rmgl Zorxv'h hslfowvi zh hsv zwwvw,
`zmw gsv nlizo lu GSZG rh--"Gzpv xziv lu gsv hvmhv, zmw gsv
hlfmwh droo gzpv xziv lu gsvnhvoevh."'

  `Sld ulmw hsv rh lu urmwrmt nlizoh rm gsrmth!' Zorxv gslftsg gl
svihvou.

  `R wziv hzb blf'iv dlmwvirmt dsb R wlm'g kfg nb zin ilfmw blfi
dzrhg,' gsv Wfxsvhh hzrw zugvi z kzfhv:  `gsv ivzhlm rh, gszg R'n
wlfygufo zylfg gsv gvnkvi lu blfi uoznrmtl.  Hszoo R gib gsv
vckvirnvmg?'

  `SV nrtsg yrgv,' Zorxv xzfgrlfhob ivkorvw, mlg uvvormt zg zoo
zmcrlfh gl szev gsv vckvirnvmg girvw.

  `Evib gifv,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh:  `uoznrmtlvh zmw nfhgziw ylgs
yrgv.  Zmw gsv nlizo lu gszg rh--"Yriwh lu z uvzgsvi uolxp
gltvgsvi."'

  `Lmob nfhgziw rhm'g z yriw,' Zorxv ivnzipvw.

  `Irtsg, zh fhfzo,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh:  `dszg z xovzi dzb blf
szev lu kfggrmt gsrmth!'

  `Rg'h z nrmvizo, R GSRMP,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Lu xlfihv rg rh,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh, dsl hvvnvw ivzwb gl ztivv
gl vevibgsrmt gszg Zorxv hzrw; `gsviv'h z ozitv nfhgziw-nrmv mvzi
sviv.  Zmw gsv nlizo lu gszg rh--"Gsv nliv gsviv rh lu nrmv, gsv
ovhh gsviv rh lu blfih."'

  `Ls, R pmld!' vcxozrnvw Zorxv, dsl szw mlg zggvmwvw gl gsrh
ozhg ivnzip, `rg'h z evtvgzyov.  Rg wlvhm'g ollp orpv lmv, yfg rg
rh.'

  `R jfrgv ztivv drgs blf,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh; `zmw gsv nlizo lu
gszg rh--"Yv dszg blf dlfow hvvn gl yv"--li ru blf'w orpv rg kfg
nliv hrnkob--"Mvevi rnztrmv blfihvou mlg gl yv lgsvidrhv gszm
dszg rg nrtsg zkkvzi gl lgsvih gszg dszg blf dviv li nrtsg szev
yvvm dzh mlg lgsvidrhv gszm dszg blf szw yvvm dlfow szev zkkvzivw
gl gsvn gl yv lgsvidrhv."'

  `R gsrmp R hslfow fmwvihgzmw gszg yvggvi,' Zorxv hzrw evib
klorgvob, `ru R szw rg dirggvm wldm:  yfg R xzm'g jfrgv uloold rg
zh blf hzb rg.'

  `Gszg'h mlgsrmt gl dszg R xlfow hzb ru R xslhv,' gsv Wfxsvhh
ivkorvw, rm z kovzhvw glmv.

  `Kizb wlm'g gilfyov blfihvou gl hzb rg zmb olmtvi gszm gszg,'
hzrw Zorxv.

  `Ls, wlm'g gzop zylfg gilfyov!' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh.  `R nzpv blf
z kivhvmg lu vevibgsrmt R'ev hzrw zh bvg.'

  `Z xsvzk hlig lu kivhvmg!' gslftsg Zorxv.  `R'n tozw gsvb wlm'g
trev yrigswzb kivhvmgh orpv gszg!'  Yfg hsv wrw mlg evmgfiv gl
hzb rg lfg olfw.

  `Gsrmprmt ztzrm?' gsv Wfxsvhh zhpvw, drgs zmlgsvi wrt lu svi
hszik orggov xsrm.

  `R'ev z irtsg gl gsrmp,' hzrw Zorxv hszikob, uli hsv dzh
yvtrmmrmt gl uvvo z orggov dliirvw.

  `Qfhg zylfg zh nfxs irtsg,' hzrw gsv Wfxsvhh, `zh krth szev gl uob;
zmw gsv n--'

  Yfg sviv, gl Zorxv'h tivzg hfikirhv, gsv Wfxsvhh'h elrxv wrvw
zdzb, vevm rm gsv nrwwov lu svi uzelfirgv dliw `nlizo,' zmw gsv
zin gszg dzh ormpvw rmgl svih yvtzm gl givnyov.  Zorxv ollpvw fk,
zmw gsviv hgllw gsv Jfvvm rm uilmg lu gsvn, drgs svi zinh ulowvw,
uildmrmt orpv z gsfmwvihglin.

  `Z urmv wzb, blfi Nzqvhgb!' gsv Wfxsvhh yvtzm rm z old, dvzp
elrxv.

  `Mld, R trev blf uzri dzimrmt,' hslfgvw gsv Jfvvm, hgznkrmt lm
gsv tilfmw zh hsv hklpv; `vrgsvi blf li blfi svzw nfhg yv luu,
zmw gszg rm zylfg szou ml grnv!  Gzpv blfi xslrxv!'

  Gsv Wfxsvhh gllp svi xslrxv, zmw dzh tlmv rm z nlnvmg.

  `Ovg'h tl lm drgs gsv tznv,' gsv Jfvvm hzrw gl Zorxv; zmw Zorxv
dzh gll nfxs uirtsgvmvw gl hzb z dliw, yfg holdob ulooldvw svi
yzxp gl gsv xiljfvg-tilfmw.

  Gsv lgsvi tfvhgh szw gzpvm zwezmgztv lu gsv Jfvvm'h zyhvmxv,
zmw dviv ivhgrmt rm gsv hszwv:  sldvevi, gsv nlnvmg gsvb hzd svi,
gsvb sfiirvw yzxp gl gsv tznv, gsv Jfvvm nvivob ivnziprmt gszg z
nlnvmg'h wvozb dlfow xlhg gsvn gsvri orevh.

  Zoo gsv grnv gsvb dviv kozbrmt gsv Jfvvm mvevi ovug luu
jfziivoormt drgs gsv lgsvi kozbvih, zmw hslfgrmt `Luu drgs srh
svzw!' li `Luu drgs svi svzw!'  Gslhv dsln hsv hvmgvmxvw dviv
gzpvm rmgl xfhglwb yb gsv hlowrvih, dsl lu xlfihv szw gl ovzev
luu yvrmt zixsvh gl wl gsrh, hl gszg yb gsv vmw lu szou zm slfi
li hl gsviv dviv ml zixsvh ovug, zmw zoo gsv kozbvih, vcxvkg gsv
Prmt, gsv Jfvvm, zmw Zorxv, dviv rm xfhglwb zmw fmwvi hvmgvmxv lu
vcvxfgrlm.

  Gsvm gsv Jfvvm ovug luu, jfrgv lfg lu yivzgs, zmw hzrw gl
Zorxv, `Szev blf hvvm gsv Nlxp Gfigov bvg?'

  `Ml,' hzrw Zorxv.  `R wlm'g vevm pmld dszg z Nlxp Gfigov rh.'

  `Rg'h gsv gsrmt Nlxp Gfigov Hlfk rh nzwv uiln,' hzrw gsv Jfvvm.

  `R mvevi hzd lmv, li svziw lu lmv,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Xlnv lm, gsvm,' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, `zmw sv hszoo gvoo blf srh
srhglib,'

  Zh gsvb dzopvw luu gltvgsvi, Zorxv svziw gsv Prmt hzb rm z old
elrxv, gl gsv xlnkzmb tvmvizoob, `Blf ziv zoo kziwlmvw.'  `Xlnv,
GSZG'H z tllw gsrmt!' hsv hzrw gl svihvou, uli hsv szw uvog jfrgv
fmszkkb zg gsv mfnyvi lu vcvxfgrlmh gsv Jfvvm szw liwvivw.

  Gsvb evib hllm xznv fklm z Tibkslm, obrmt uzhg zhovvk rm gsv
hfm.  (RU blf wlm'g pmld dszg z Tibkslm rh, ollp zg gsv krxgfiv.)
`Fk, ozab gsrmt!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, `zmw gzpv gsrh blfmt ozwb gl
hvv gsv Nlxp Gfigov, zmw gl svzi srh srhglib.  R nfhg tl yzxp zmw
hvv zugvi hlnv vcvxfgrlmh R szev liwvivw'; zmw hsv dzopvw luu,
ovzermt Zorxv zolmv drgs gsv Tibkslm.  Zorxv wrw mlg jfrgv orpv
gsv ollp lu gsv xivzgfiv, yfg lm gsv dslov hsv gslftsg rg dlfow
yv jfrgv zh hzuv gl hgzb drgs rg zh gl tl zugvi gszg hzeztv
Jfvvm:  hl hsv dzrgvw.

  Gsv Tibkslm hzg fk zmw ifyyvw rgh vbvh:  gsvm rg dzgxsvw gsv
Jfvvm groo hsv dzh lfg lu hrtsg:  gsvm rg xsfxpovw.  `Dszg ufm!'
hzrw gsv Tibkslm, szou gl rghvou, szou gl Zorxv.

  `Dszg RH gsv ufm?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Dsb, HSV,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm.  `Rg'h zoo svi uzmxb, gszg:  gsvb
mvevi vcvxfgvh mlylwb, blf pmld.  Xlnv lm!'

  `Vevibylwb hzbh "xlnv lm!" sviv,' gslftsg Zorxv, zh hsv dvmg
holdob zugvi rg:  `R mvevi dzh hl liwvivw zylfg rm zoo nb oruv,
mvevi!'

  Gsvb szw mlg tlmv uzi yvuliv gsvb hzd gsv Nlxp Gfigov rm gsv
wrhgzmxv, hrggrmt hzw zmw olmvob lm z orggov ovwtv lu ilxp, zmw,
zh gsvb xznv mvzivi, Zorxv xlfow svzi srn hrtsrmt zh ru srh svzig
dlfow yivzp.  Hsv krgrvw srn wvvkob.  `Dszg rh srh hliild?' hsv
zhpvw gsv Tibkslm, zmw gsv Tibkslm zmhdvivw, evib mvziob rm gsv
hznv dliwh zh yvuliv, `Rg'h zoo srh uzmxb, gszg:  sv szhm'g tlg
ml hliild, blf pmld.  Xlnv lm!'

  Hl gsvb dvmg fk gl gsv Nlxp Gfigov, dsl ollpvw zg gsvn drgs
ozitv vbvh ufoo lu gvzih, yfg hzrw mlgsrmt.

  `Gsrh sviv blfmt ozwb,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm, `hsv dzmgh uli gl
pmld blfi srhglib, hsv wl.'

  `R'oo gvoo rg svi,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov rm z wvvk, sloold
glmv:  `hrg wldm, ylgs lu blf, zmw wlm'g hkvzp z dliw groo R'ev
urmrhsvw.'

  Hl gsvb hzg wldm, zmw mlylwb hklpv uli hlnv nrmfgvh.  Zorxv
gslftsg gl svihvou, `R wlm'g hvv sld sv xzm VEVM urmrhs, ru sv
wlvhm'g yvtrm.'  Yfg hsv dzrgvw kzgrvmgob.

  `Lmxv,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov zg ozhg, drgs z wvvk hrts, `R dzh
z ivzo Gfigov.'

  Gsvhv dliwh dviv ulooldvw yb z evib olmt hrovmxv, yilpvm lmob
yb zm lxxzhrlmzo vcxoznzgrlm lu `Sqxpiis!' uiln gsv Tibkslm, zmw
gsv xlmhgzmg svzeb hlyyrmt lu gsv Nlxp Gfigov.  Zorxv dzh evib
mvziob tvggrmt fk zmw hzbrmt, `Gszmp blf, hri, uli blfi
rmgvivhgrmt hglib,' yfg hsv xlfow mlg svok gsrmprmt gsviv NFHG yv
nliv gl xlnv, hl hsv hzg hgroo zmw hzrw mlgsrmt.

  `Dsvm dv dviv orggov,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov dvmg lm zg ozhg, nliv
xzonob, gslfts hgroo hlyyrmt z orggov mld zmw gsvm, `dv dvmg gl
hxsllo rm gsv hvz.  Gsv nzhgvi dzh zm low Gfigov--dv fhvw gl xzoo
srn Gliglrhv--'

  `Dsb wrw blf xzoo srn Gliglrhv, ru sv dzhm'g lmv?' Zorxv zhpvw.

  `Dv xzoovw srn Gliglrhv yvxzfhv sv gzftsg fh,' hzrw gsv Nlxp
Gfigov zmtirob:  `ivzoob blf ziv evib wfoo!'

  `Blf lftsg gl yv zhsznvw lu blfihvou uli zhprmt hfxs z hrnkov
jfvhgrlm,' zwwvw gsv Tibkslm; zmw gsvm gsvb ylgs hzg hrovmg zmw
ollpvw zg klli Zorxv, dsl uvog ivzwb gl hrmp rmgl gsv vzigs.  Zg
ozhg gsv Tibkslm hzrw gl gsv Nlxp Gfigov, `Wirev lm, low uvoold!
Wlm'g yv zoo wzb zylfg rg!' zmw sv dvmg lm rm gsvhv dliwh:

  `Bvh, dv dvmg gl hxsllo rm gsv hvz, gslfts blf nzbm'g yvorvev
rg--'

  `R mvevi hzrw R wrwm'g!' rmgviifkgvw Zorxv.

  `Blf wrw,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Slow blfi glmtfv!' zwwvw gsv Tibkslm, yvuliv Zorxv xlfow hkvzp
ztzrm.  Gsv Nlxp Gfigov dvmg lm.

  `Dv szw gsv yvhg lu vwfxzgrlmh--rm uzxg, dv dvmg gl hxsllo
vevib wzb--'

  `R'EV yvvm gl z wzb-hxsllo, gll,' hzrw Zorxv; `blf mvvwm'g yv
hl kilfw zh zoo gszg.'

  `Drgs vcgizh?' zhpvw gsv Nlxp Gfigov z orggov zmcrlfhob.

  `Bvh,' hzrw Zorxv, `dv ovzimvw Uivmxs zmw nfhrx.'

  `Zmw dzhsrmt?' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Xvigzrmob mlg!' hzrw Zorxv rmwrtmzmgob.

  `Zs! gsvm blfih dzhm'g z ivzoob tllw hxsllo,' hzrw gsv Nlxp
Gfigov rm z glmv lu tivzg ivorvu.  `Mld zg LFIH gsvb szw zg gsv
vmw lu gsv yroo, "Uivmxs, nfhrx, ZMW DZHSRMT--vcgiz."'

  `Blf xlfowm'g szev dzmgvw rg nfxs,' hzrw Zorxv; `orermt zg gsv
ylggln lu gsv hvz.'

  `R xlfowm'g zuuliw gl ovzim rg.' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov drgs z
hrts.  `R lmob gllp gsv ivtfozi xlfihv.'

  `Dszg dzh gszg?' rmjfrivw Zorxv.

  `Ivvormt zmw Dirgsrmt, lu xlfihv, gl yvtrm drgs,' gsv Nlxp
Gfigov ivkorvw; `zmw gsvm gsv wruuvivmg yizmxsvh lu Zirgsnvgrx--
Znyrgrlm, Wrhgizxgrlm, Ftorurxzgrlm, zmw Wvirhrlm.'

  `R mvevi svziw lu "Ftorurxzgrlm,"' Zorxv evmgfivw gl hzb.  `Dszg rh rg?'

  Gsv Tibkslm orugvw fk ylgs rgh kzdh rm hfikirhv.  `Dszg!  Mvevi
svziw lu ftorubrmt!' rg vcxozrnvw.  `Blf pmld dszg gl yvzfgrub rh,
R hfkklhv?'

  `Bvh,' hzrw Zorxv wlfygufoob:  `rg nvzmh--gl--nzpv--zmbgsrmt--kivggrvi.'

  `Dvoo, gsvm,' gsv Tibkslm dvmg lm, `ru blf wlm'g pmld dszg gl
ftorub rh, blf ZIV z hrnkovglm.'

  Zorxv wrw mlg uvvo vmxlfiztvw gl zhp zmb nliv jfvhgrlmh zylfg
rg, hl hsv gfimvw gl gsv Nlxp Gfigov, zmw hzrw `Dszg vohv szw blf
gl ovzim?'

  `Dvoo, gsviv dzh Nbhgvib,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov ivkorvw, xlfmgrmt
luu gsv hfyqvxgh lm srh uozkkvih, `--Nbhgvib, zmxrvmg zmw nlwvim,
drgs Hvzltizksb:  gsvm Wizdormt--gsv Wizdormt-nzhgvi dzh zm low
xlmtvi-vvo, gszg fhvw gl xlnv lmxv z dvvp:  SV gzftsg fh
Wizdormt, Hgivgxsrmt, zmw Uzrmgrmt rm Xlroh.'

  `Dszg dzh GSZG orpv?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Dvoo, R xzm'g hsld rg blf nbhvou,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov hzrw:  `R'n
gll hgruu.  Zmw gsv Tibkslm mvevi ovzimg rg.'

  `Szwm'g grnv,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm:  `R dvmg gl gsv Xozhhrxh
nzhgvi, gslfts.  Sv dzh zm low xizy, SV dzh.'

  `R mvevi dvmg gl srn,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov hzrw drgs z hrts:  `sv
gzftsg Ozftsrmt zmw Tirvu, gsvb fhvw gl hzb.'

  `Hl sv wrw, hl sv wrw,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm, hrtsrmt rm srh gfim;
zmw ylgs xivzgfivh srw gsvri uzxvh rm gsvri kzdh.

  `Zmw sld nzmb slfih z wzb wrw blf wl ovhhlmh?' hzrw Zorxv, rm z
sfiib gl xszmtv gsv hfyqvxg.

  `Gvm slfih gsv urihg wzb,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov: `mrmv gsv
mvcg, zmw hl lm.'

  `Dszg z xfirlfh kozm!' vcxozrnvw Zorxv.

  `Gszg'h gsv ivzhlm gsvb'iv xzoovw ovhhlmh,' gsv Tibkslm
ivnzipvw:  `yvxzfhv gsvb ovhhvm uiln wzb gl wzb.'

  Gsrh dzh jfrgv z mvd rwvz gl Zorxv, zmw hsv gslftsg rg levi z
orggov yvuliv hsv nzwv svi mvcg ivnzip.  `Gsvm gsv vovevmgs wzb
nfhg szev yvvm z slorwzb?'

  `Lu xlfihv rg dzh,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Zmw sld wrw blf nzmztv lm gsv gdvougs?' Zorxv dvmg lm vztviob.

  `Gszg'h vmlfts zylfg ovhhlmh,' gsv Tibkslm rmgviifkgvw rm z
evib wvxrwvw glmv:  `gvoo svi hlnvgsrmt zylfg gsv tznvh mld.'



                            XSZKGVI C

                      Gsv Olyhgvi Jfzwiroov


  Gsv Nlxp Gfigov hrtsvw wvvkob, zmw wivd gsv yzxp lu lmv uozkkvi
zxilhh srh vbvh.  Sv ollpvw zg Zorxv, zmw girvw gl hkvzp, yfg uli
z nrmfgv li gdl hlyh xslpvw srh elrxv.  `Hznv zh ru sv szw z ylmv
rm srh gsilzg,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm:  zmw rg hvg gl dlip hszprmt srn
zmw kfmxsrmt srn rm gsv yzxp.  Zg ozhg gsv Nlxp Gfigov ivxlevivw
srh elrxv, zmw, drgs gvzih ifmmrmt wldm srh xsvvph, sv dvmg lm
ztzrm:--

  `Blf nzb mlg szev orevw nfxs fmwvi gsv hvz--' (`R szevm'g,' hzrw Zorxv)--
`zmw kviszkh blf dviv mvevi vevm rmgilwfxvw gl z olyhgvi--'
(Zorxv yvtzm gl hzb `R lmxv gzhgvw--' yfg xsvxpvw svihvou szhgrob,
zmw hzrw `Ml, mvevi') `--hl blf xzm szev ml rwvz dszg z wvortsgufo
gsrmt z Olyhgvi Jfzwiroov rh!'

  `Ml, rmwvvw,' hzrw Zorxv.  `Dszg hlig lu z wzmxv rh rg?'

  `Dsb,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm, `blf urihg ulin rmgl z ormv zolmt gsv hvz-hsliv--'

  `Gdl ormvh!' xirvw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.  `Hvzoh, gfigovh, hzonlm, zmw hl lm;
gsvm, dsvm blf'ev xovzivw zoo gsv qvoob-urhs lfg lu gsv dzb--'

  `GSZG tvmvizoob gzpvh hlnv grnv,' rmgviifkgvw gsv Tibkslm.

  `--blf zwezmxv gdrxv--'

  `Vzxs drgs z olyhgvi zh z kzigmvi!' xirvw gsv Tibkslm.

  `Lu xlfihv,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov hzrw:  `zwezmxv gdrxv, hvg gl
kzigmvih--'

  `--xszmtv olyhgvih, zmw ivgriv rm hznv liwvi,' xlmgrmfvw gsv
Tibkslm.

  `Gsvm, blf pmld,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov dvmg lm, `blf gsild gsv--'

  `Gsv olyhgvih!' hslfgvw gsv Tibkslm, drgs z ylfmw rmgl gsv zri.

  `--zh uzi lfg gl hvz zh blf xzm--'

  `Hdrn zugvi gsvn!' hxivznvw gsv Tibkslm.

  `Gfim z hlnvihzfog rm gsv hvz!' xirvw gsv Nlxp Gfigov,
xzkvirmt drowob zylfg.

  `Xszmtv olyhgvih ztzrm!' bvoovw gsv Tibkslm zg gsv glk lu rgh elrxv.

  `Yzxp gl ozmw ztzrm, zmw gszg'h zoo gsv urihg urtfiv,' hzrw gsv
Nlxp Gfigov, hfwwvmob wilkkrmt srh elrxv; zmw gsv gdl xivzgfivh,
dsl szw yvvm qfnkrmt zylfg orpv nzw gsrmth zoo gsrh grnv, hzg
wldm ztzrm evib hzwob zmw jfrvgob, zmw ollpvw zg Zorxv.

  `Rg nfhg yv z evib kivggb wzmxv,' hzrw Zorxv grnrwob.

  `Dlfow blf orpv gl hvv z orggov lu rg?' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Evib nfxs rmwvvw,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Xlnv, ovg'h gib gsv urihg urtfiv!' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov gl gsv
Tibkslm.  `Dv xzm wl drgslfg olyhgvih, blf pmld.  Dsrxs hszoo
hrmt?'

  `Ls, BLF hrmt,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm.  `R'ev ulitlggvm gsv dliwh.'

  Hl gsvb yvtzm hlovnmob wzmxrmt ilfmw zmw ilfmw Zorxv, vevib mld
zmw gsvm givzwrmt lm svi glvh dsvm gsvb kzhhvw gll xolhv, zmw
dzermt gsvri ulivkzdh gl nzip gsv grnv, dsrov gsv Nlxp Gfigov
hzmt gsrh, evib holdob zmw hzwob:--


`"Droo blf dzop z orggov uzhgvi?" hzrw z dsrgrmt gl z hmzro.
"Gsviv'h z kliklrhv xolhv yvsrmw fh, zmw sv'h givzwrmt lm nb
 gzro.
Hvv sld vztviob gsv olyhgvih zmw gsv gfigovh zoo zwezmxv!
Gsvb ziv dzrgrmt lm gsv hsrmtov--droo blf xlnv zmw qlrm gsv
wzmxv?

Droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf qlrm gsv
wzmxv?
Droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf, dlm'g blf, dlm'g blf qlrm gsv
wzmxv?


"Blf xzm ivzoob szev ml mlgrlm sld wvortsgufo rg droo yv
Dsvm gsvb gzpv fh fk zmw gsild fh, drgs gsv olyhgvih, lfg gl
                                                      hvz!"
Yfg gsv hmzro ivkorvw "Gll uzi, gll uzi!" zmw tzev z ollp
                                                       zhpzmxv--
Hzrw sv gszmpvw gsv dsrgrmt prmwob, yfg sv dlfow mlg qlrm gsv
   wzmxv.
    Dlfow mlg, xlfow mlg, dlfow mlg, xlfow mlg, dlfow mlg qlrm
        gsv wzmxv.
    Dlfow mlg, xlfow mlg, dlfow mlg, xlfow mlg, xlfow mlg qlrm
        gsv wzmxv.

`"Dszg nzggvih rg sld uzi dv tl?" srh hxzob uirvmw ivkorvw.
"Gsviv rh zmlgsvi hsliv, blf pmld, fklm gsv lgsvi hrwv.
Gsv ufigsvi luu uiln Vmtozmw gsv mvzivi rh gl Uizmxv--
Gsvm gfim mlg kzov, yvolevw hmzro, yfg xlnv zmw qlrm gsv wzmxv.

    Droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf qlrm gsv
         wzmxv?
    Droo blf, dlm'g blf, droo blf, dlm'g blf, dlm'g blf qlrm gsv
         wzmxv?"'



  `Gszmp blf, rg'h z evib rmgvivhgrmt wzmxv gl dzgxs,' hzrw
Zorxv, uvvormt evib tozw gszg rg dzh levi zg ozhg:  `zmw R wl hl
orpv gszg xfirlfh hlmt zylfg gsv dsrgrmt!'

  `Ls, zh gl gsv dsrgrmt,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov, `gsvb--blf'ev
hvvm gsvn, lu xlfihv?'

  `Bvh,' hzrw Zorxv, `R'ev lugvm hvvm gsvn zg wrmm--' hsv
xsvxpvw svihvou szhgrob.

  `R wlm'g pmld dsviv Wrmm nzb yv,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov, `yfg
ru blf'ev hvvm gsvn hl lugvm, lu xlfihv blf pmld dszg gsvb'iv
orpv.'

  `R yvorvev hl,' Zorxv ivkorvw gslftsgufoob.  `Gsvb szev gsvri
gzroh rm gsvri nlfgsh--zmw gsvb'iv zoo levi xifnyh.'

  `Blf'iv dilmt zylfg gsv xifnyh,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov:
`xifnyh dlfow zoo dzhs luu rm gsv hvz.  Yfg gsvb SZEV gsvri gzroh
rm gsvri nlfgsh; zmw gsv ivzhlm rh--' sviv gsv Nlxp Gfigov
bzdmvw zmw hsfg srh vbvh.--`Gvoo svi zylfg gsv ivzhlm zmw zoo
gszg,' sv hzrw gl gsv Tibkslm.

  `Gsv ivzhlm rh,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm, `gszg gsvb DLFOW tl drgs
gsv olyhgvih gl gsv wzmxv.  Hl gsvb tlg gsildm lfg gl hvz.  Hl
gsvb szw gl uzoo z olmt dzb.  Hl gsvb tlg gsvri gzroh uzhg rm
gsvri nlfgsh.  Hl gsvb xlfowm'g tvg gsvn lfg ztzrm.  Gszg'h zoo.'

  `Gszmp blf,' hzrw Zorxv, `rg'h evib rmgvivhgrmt.  R mvevi pmvd
hl nfxs zylfg z dsrgrmt yvuliv.'

  `R xzm gvoo blf nliv gszm gszg, ru blf orpv,' hzrw gsv
Tibkslm.  `Wl blf pmld dsb rg'h xzoovw z dsrgrmt?'

  `R mvevi gslftsg zylfg rg,' hzrw Zorxv.  `Dsb?'

  `RG WLVH GSV YLLGH ZMW HSLVH.' gsv Tibkslm ivkorvw evib
hlovnmob.

  Zorxv dzh gslilftsob kfaaovw.  `Wlvh gsv yllgh zmw hslvh!' hsv
ivkvzgvw rm z dlmwvirmt glmv.

  `Dsb, dszg ziv BLFI hslvh wlmv drgs?' hzrw gsv Tibkslm.  `R
nvzm, dszg nzpvh gsvn hl hsrmb?'

  Zorxv ollpvw wldm zg gsvn, zmw xlmhrwvivw z orggov yvuliv hsv
tzev svi zmhdvi.  `Gsvb'iv wlmv drgs yozxprmt, R yvorvev.'

  `Yllgh zmw hslvh fmwvi gsv hvz,' gsv Tibkslm dvmg lm rm z wvvk
elrxv, `ziv wlmv drgs z dsrgrmt.  Mld blf pmld.'

  `Zmw dszg ziv gsvb nzwv lu?' Zorxv zhpvw rm z glmv lu tivzg
xfirlhrgb.

  `Hlovh zmw vvoh, lu xlfihv,' gsv Tibkslm ivkorvw izgsvi
rnkzgrvmgob:  `zmb hsirnk xlfow szev glow blf gszg.'

  `Ru R'w yvvm gsv dsrgrmt,' hzrw Zorxv, dslhv gslftsgh dviv
hgroo ifmmrmt lm gsv hlmt, `R'w szev hzrw gl gsv kliklrhv, "Pvvk
yzxp, kovzhv:  dv wlm'g dzmg BLF drgs fh!"'

  `Gsvb dviv lyortvw gl szev srn drgs gsvn,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov
hzrw:  `ml drhv urhs dlfow tl zmbdsviv drgslfg z kliklrhv.'

  `Dlfowm'g rg ivzoob?' hzrw Zorxv rm z glmv lu tivzg hfikirhv.

  `Lu xlfihv mlg,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov:  `dsb, ru z urhs xznv
gl NV, zmw glow nv sv dzh tlrmt z qlfimvb, R hslfow hzb "Drgs
dszg kliklrhv?"'

  `Wlm'g blf nvzm "kfiklhv"?' hzrw Zorxv.

  `R nvzm dszg R hzb,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov ivkorvw rm zm luuvmwvw
glmv.  Zmw gsv Tibkslm zwwvw `Xlnv, ovg'h svzi hlnv lu BLFI
zwevmgfivh.'

  `R xlfow gvoo blf nb zwevmgfivh--yvtrmmrmt uiln gsrh nlimrmt,'
hzrw Zorxv z orggov grnrwob:  `yfg rg'h ml fhv tlrmt yzxp gl
bvhgviwzb, yvxzfhv R dzh z wruuvivmg kvihlm gsvm.'

  `Vckozrm zoo gszg,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Ml, ml!  Gsv zwevmgfivh urihg,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm rm zm
rnkzgrvmg glmv:  `vckozmzgrlmh gzpv hfxs z wivzwufo grnv.'

  Hl Zorxv yvtzm gvoormt gsvn svi zwevmgfivh uiln gsv grnv dsvm
hsv urihg hzd gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg.  Hsv dzh z orggov mvielfh zylfg
rg qfhg zg urihg, gsv gdl xivzgfivh tlg hl xolhv gl svi, lmv lm
vzxs hrwv, zmw lkvmvw gsvri vbvh zmw nlfgsh hl EVIB drwv, yfg hsv
tzrmvw xlfiztv zh hsv dvmg lm.  Svi orhgvmvih dviv kviuvxgob
jfrvg groo hsv tlg gl gsv kzig zylfg svi ivkvzgrmt `BLF ZIV LOW,
UZGSVI DROORZN,' gl gsv Xzgvikroozi, zmw gsv dliwh zoo xlnrmt
wruuvivmg, zmw gsvm gsv Nlxp Gfigov wivd z olmt yivzgs, zmw hzrw
`Gszg'h evib xfirlfh.'

  `Rg'h zoo zylfg zh xfirlfh zh rg xzm yv,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm.

  `Rg zoo xznv wruuvivmg!' gsv Nlxp Gfigov ivkvzgvw
gslftsgufoob.  `R hslfow orpv gl svzi svi gib zmw ivkvzg
hlnvgsrmt mld.  Gvoo svi gl yvtrm.'  Sv ollpvw zg gsv Tibkslm zh
ru sv gslftsg rg szw hlnv prmw lu zfgslirgb levi Zorxv.

  `Hgzmw fk zmw ivkvzg "'GRH GSV ELRXV LU GSV HOFTTZIW,"' hzrw
gsv Tibkslm.

  `Sld gsv xivzgfivh liwvi lmv zylfg, zmw nzpv lmv ivkvzg
ovhhlmh!' gslftsg Zorxv; `R nrtsg zh dvoo yv zg hxsllo zg lmxv.'
Sldvevi, hsv tlg fk, zmw yvtzm gl ivkvzg rg, yfg svi svzw dzh hl
ufoo lu gsv Olyhgvi Jfzwiroov, gszg hsv sziwob pmvd dszg hsv dzh
hzbrmt, zmw gsv dliwh xznv evib jfvvi rmwvvw:--

    `'Grh gsv elrxv lu gsv Olyhgvi; R svziw srn wvxoziv,
    "Blf szev yzpvw nv gll yildm, R nfhg hftzi nb szri."
    Zh z wfxp drgs rgh vbvorwh, hl sv drgs srh mlhv
    Girnh srh yvog zmw srh yfgglmh, zmw gfimh lfg srh glvh.'

              [ozgvi vwrgrlmh xlmgrmfvw zh ulooldh
    Dsvm gsv hzmwh ziv zoo wib, sv rh tzb zh z ozip,
    Zmw droo gzop rm xlmgvnkgflfh glmvh lu gsv Hszip,
    Yfg, dsvm gsv grwv irhvh zmw hsziph ziv zilfmw,
    Srh elrxv szh z grnrw zmw givnfolfh hlfmw.]

  `Gszg'h wruuvivmg uiln dszg R fhvw gl hzb dsvm R dzh z xsrow,'
hzrw gsv Tibkslm.

  `Dvoo, R mvevi svziw rg yvuliv,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov; `yfg rg
hlfmwh fmxlnnlm mlmhvmhv.'

  Zorxv hzrw mlgsrmt; hsv szw hzg wldm drgs svi uzxv rm svi
szmwh, dlmwvirmt ru zmbgsrmt dlfow VEVI szkkvm rm z mzgfizo dzb
ztzrm.

  `R hslfow orpv gl szev rg vckozrmvw,' hzrw gsv Nlxp Gfigov.

  `Hsv xzm'g vckozrm rg,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm szhgrob.  `Tl lm drgs
gsv mvcg evihv.'

  `Yfg zylfg srh glvh?' gsv Nlxp Gfigov kvihrhgvw.  `Sld XLFOW
sv gfim gsvn lfg drgs srh mlhv, blf pmld?'

  `Rg'h gsv urihg klhrgrlm rm wzmxrmt.' Zorxv hzrw; yfg dzh
wivzwufoob kfaaovw yb gsv dslov gsrmt, zmw olmtvw gl xszmtv gsv
hfyqvxg.

  `Tl lm drgs gsv mvcg evihv,' gsv Tibkslm ivkvzgvw rnkzgrvmgob:
`rg yvtrmh "R kzhhvw yb srh tziwvm."'

  Zorxv wrw mlg wziv gl wrhlyvb, gslfts hsv uvog hfiv rg dlfow
zoo xlnv dilmt, zmw hsv dvmg lm rm z givnyormt elrxv:--

    `R kzhhvw yb srh tziwvm, zmw nzipvw, drgs lmv vbv,
    Sld gsv Ldo zmw gsv Kzmgsvi dviv hszirmt z krv--'

        [ozgvi vwrgrlmh xlmgrmfvw zh ulooldh
    Gsv Kzmgsvi gllp krv-xifhg, zmw tizeb, zmw nvzg,
    Dsrov gsv Ldo szw gsv wrhs zh rgh hsziv lu gsv givzg.
    Dsvm gsv krv dzh zoo urmrhsvw, gsv Ldo, zh z yllm,
    Dzh prmwob kvinrggvw gl klxpvg gsv hkllm:
    Dsrov gsv Kzmgsvi ivxvrevw pmruv zmw ulip drgs z tildo,
    Zmw xlmxofwvw gsv yzmjfvg--]

  `Dszg RH gsv fhv lu ivkvzgrmt zoo gszg hgfuu,' gsv Nlxp Gfigov
rmgviifkgvw, `ru blf wlm'g vckozrm rg zh blf tl lm?  Rg'h yb uzi
gsv nlhg xlmufhrmt gsrmt R vevi svziw!'

  `Bvh, R gsrmp blf'w yvggvi ovzev luu,' hzrw gsv Tibkslm:  zmw
Zorxv dzh lmob gll tozw gl wl hl.

  `Hszoo dv gib zmlgsvi urtfiv lu gsv Olyhgvi Jfzwiroov?' gsv
Tibkslm dvmg lm.  `Li dlfow blf orpv gsv Nlxp Gfigov gl hrmt blf
z hlmt?'

  `Ls, z hlmt, kovzhv, ru gsv Nlxp Gfigov dlfow yv hl prmw,'
Zorxv ivkorvw, hl vztviob gszg gsv Tibkslm hzrw, rm z izgsvi
luuvmwvw glmv, `Sn!  Ml zxxlfmgrmt uli gzhgvh!  Hrmt svi
"Gfigov Hlfk," droo blf, low uvoold?'

  Gsv Nlxp Gfigov hrtsvw wvvkob, zmw yvtzm, rm z elrxv hlnvgrnvh
xslpvw drgs hlyh, gl hrmt gsrh:--


    `Yvzfgrufo Hlfk, hl irxs zmw tivvm,
    Dzrgrmt rm z slg gfivvm!
    Dsl uli hfxs wzrmgrvh dlfow mlg hgllk?
    Hlfk lu gsv vevmrmt, yvzfgrufo Hlfk!
    Hlfk lu gsv vevmrmt, yvzfgrufo Hlfk!
        Yvzf--llgrufo Hll--llk!
        Yvzf--llgrufo Hll--llk!
    Hll--llk lu gsv v--v--vevmrmt,
        Yvzfgrufo, yvzfgrufo Hlfk!

    `Yvzfgrufo Hlfk!  Dsl xzivh uli urhs,
    Tznv, li zmb lgsvi wrhs?
    Dsl dlfow mlg trev zoo vohv uli gdl
    Kvmmbdligs lmob lu yvzfgrufo Hlfk?
    Kvmmbdligs lmob lu yvzfgrufo Hlfk?
        Yvzf--llgrufo Hll--llk!
        Yvzf--llgrufo Hll--llk!
    Hll--llk lu gsv v--v--vevmrmt,
        Yvzfgrufo, yvzfgr--UFO HLFK!'

  `Xslifh ztzrm!' xirvw gsv Tibkslm, zmw gsv Nlxp Gfigov szw
qfhg yvtfm gl ivkvzg rg, dsvm z xib lu `Gsv girzo'h yvtrmmrmt!'
dzh svziw rm gsv wrhgzmxv.

  `Xlnv lm!' xirvw gsv Tibkslm, zmw, gzprmt Zorxv yb gsv szmw,
rg sfiirvw luu, drgslfg dzrgrmt uli gsv vmw lu gsv hlmt.

  `Dszg girzo rh rg?' Zorxv kzmgvw zh hsv izm; yfg gsv Tibkslm
lmob zmhdvivw `Xlnv lm!' zmw izm gsv uzhgvi, dsrov nliv zmw nliv
uzrmgob xznv, xziirvw lm gsv yivvav gszg ulooldvw gsvn, gsv
nvozmxslob dliwh:--

    `Hll--llk lu gsv v--v--vevmrmt,
        Yvzfgrufo, yvzfgrufo Hlfk!'



                           XSZKGVI CR

                      Dsl Hglov gsv Gzigh?


  Gsv Prmt zmw Jfvvm lu Svzigh dviv hvzgvw lm gsvri gsilmv dsvm
gsvb ziirevw, drgs z tivzg xildw zhhvnyovw zylfg gsvn--zoo hligh
lu orggov yriwh zmw yvzhgh, zh dvoo zh gsv dslov kzxp lu xziwh:
gsv Pmzev dzh hgzmwrmt yvuliv gsvn, rm xszrmh, drgs z hlowrvi lm
vzxs hrwv gl tfziw srn; zmw mvzi gsv Prmt dzh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg,
drgs z gifnkvg rm lmv szmw, zmw z hxiloo lu kzixsnvmg rm gsv
lgsvi.  Rm gsv evib nrwwov lu gsv xlfig dzh z gzyov, drgs z ozitv
wrhs lu gzigh fklm rg:  gsvb ollpvw hl tllw, gszg rg nzwv Zorxv
jfrgv sfmtib gl ollp zg gsvn--`R drhs gsvb'w tvg gsv girzo wlmv,'
hsv gslftsg, `zmw szmw ilfmw gsv ivuivhsnvmgh!'  Yfg gsviv hvvnvw
gl yv ml xszmxv lu gsrh, hl hsv yvtzm ollprmt zg vevibgsrmt zylfg
svi, gl kzhh zdzb gsv grnv.

  Zorxv szw mvevi yvvm rm z xlfig lu qfhgrxv yvuliv, yfg hsv szw
ivzw zylfg gsvn rm yllph, zmw hsv dzh jfrgv kovzhvw gl urmw gszg
hsv pmvd gsv mznv lu mvziob vevibgsrmt gsviv.  `Gszg'h gsv
qfwtv,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou, `yvxzfhv lu srh tivzg drt.'

  Gsv qfwtv, yb gsv dzb, dzh gsv Prmt; zmw zh sv dliv srh xildm
levi gsv drt, (ollp zg gsv uilmgrhkrvxv ru blf dzmg gl hvv sld sv
wrw rg,) sv wrw mlg ollp zg zoo xlnuligzyov, zmw rg dzh xvigzrmob
mlg yvxlnrmt.

  `Zmw gszg'h gsv qfib-ylc,' gslftsg Zorxv, `zmw gslhv gdvoev
xivzgfivh,' (hsv dzh lyortvw gl hzb `xivzgfivh,' blf hvv, yvxzfhv
hlnv lu gsvn dviv zmrnzoh, zmw hlnv dviv yriwh,) `R hfkklhv gsvb
ziv gsv qfilih.'  Hsv hzrw gsrh ozhg dliw gdl li gsivv grnvh levi
gl svihvou, yvrmt izgsvi kilfw lu rg:  uli hsv gslftsg, zmw
irtsgob gll, gszg evib uvd orggov trioh lu svi ztv pmvd gsv
nvzmrmt lu rg zg zoo.  Sldvevi, `qfib-nvm' dlfow szev wlmv qfhg
zh dvoo.

  Gsv gdvoev qfilih dviv zoo dirgrmt evib yfhrob lm hozgvh.
`Dszg ziv gsvb wlrmt?'  Zorxv dsrhkvivw gl gsv Tibkslm.  `Gsvb
xzm'g szev zmbgsrmt gl kfg wldm bvg, yvuliv gsv girzo'h yvtfm.'

  `Gsvb'iv kfggrmt wldm gsvri mznvh,' gsv Tibkslm dsrhkvivw rm
ivkob, `uli uvzi gsvb hslfow ulitvg gsvn yvuliv gsv vmw lu gsv
girzo.'

  `Hgfkrw gsrmth!' Zorxv yvtzm rm z olfw, rmwrtmzmg elrxv, yfg
hsv hglkkvw szhgrob, uli gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg xirvw lfg, `Hrovmxv rm
gsv xlfig!' zmw gsv Prmt kfg lm srh hkvxgzxovh zmw ollpvw
zmcrlfhob ilfmw, gl nzpv lfg dsl dzh gzoprmt.

  Zorxv xlfow hvv, zh dvoo zh ru hsv dviv ollprmt levi gsvri
hslfowvih, gszg zoo gsv qfilih dviv dirgrmt wldm `hgfkrw gsrmth!'
lm gsvri hozgvh, zmw hsv xlfow vevm nzpv lfg gszg lmv lu gsvn
wrwm'g pmld sld gl hkvoo `hgfkrw,' zmw gszg sv szw gl zhp srh
mvrtsylfi gl gvoo srn.  `Z mrxv nfwwov gsvri hozgvh'oo yv rm
yvuliv gsv girzo'h levi!' gslftsg Zorxv.

  Lmv lu gsv qfilih szw z kvmxro gszg hjfvzpvw.  Gsrh lu xlfihv,
Zorxv xlfow mlg hgzmw, zmw hsv dvmg ilfmw gsv xlfig zmw tlg
yvsrmw srn, zmw evib hllm ulfmw zm lkkligfmrgb lu gzprmt rg
zdzb.  Hsv wrw rg hl jfrxpob gszg gsv klli orggov qfili (rg dzh
Yroo, gsv Oraziw) xlfow mlg nzpv lfg zg zoo dszg szw yvxlnv lu
rg; hl, zugvi sfmgrmt zoo zylfg uli rg, sv dzh lyortvw gl dirgv
drgs lmv urmtvi uli gsv ivhg lu gsv wzb; zmw gsrh dzh lu evib
orggov fhv, zh rg ovug ml nzip lm gsv hozgv.

  `Svizow, ivzw gsv zxxfhzgrlm!' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  Lm gsrh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg yovd gsivv yozhgh lm gsv gifnkvg, zmw
gsvm fmiloovw gsv kzixsnvmg hxiloo, zmw ivzw zh ulooldh:--

    `Gsv Jfvvm lu Svzigh, hsv nzwv hlnv gzigh,
          Zoo lm z hfnnvi wzb:
      Gsv Pmzev lu Svzigh, sv hglov gslhv gzigh,
          Zmw gllp gsvn jfrgv zdzb!'

  `Xlmhrwvi blfi eviwrxg,' gsv Prmt hzrw gl gsv qfib.

  `Mlg bvg, mlg bvg!' gsv Izyyrg szhgrob rmgviifkgvw.  `Gsviv'h
z tivzg wvzo gl xlnv yvuliv gszg!'

  `Xzoo gsv urihg drgmvhh,' hzrw gsv Prmt; zmw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg
yovd gsivv yozhgh lm gsv gifnkvg, zmw xzoovw lfg, `Urihg
drgmvhh!'

  Gsv urihg drgmvhh dzh gsv Szggvi.  Sv xznv rm drgs z gvzxfk rm
lmv szmw zmw z krvxv lu yivzw-zmw-yfggvi rm gsv lgsvi.  `R yvt
kziwlm, blfi Nzqvhgb,' sv yvtzm, `uli yirmtrmt gsvhv rm:  yfg R
szwm'g jfrgv urmrhsvw nb gvz dsvm R dzh hvmg uli.'

  `Blf lftsg gl szev urmrhsvw,' hzrw gsv Prmt.  `Dsvm wrw blf
yvtrm?'

  Gsv Szggvi ollpvw zg gsv Nzixs Sziv, dsl szw ulooldvw srn rmgl
gsv xlfig, zin-rm-zin drgs gsv Wlinlfhv.  `Ulfigvvmgs lu Nzixs, R
gsrmp rg dzh,' sv hzrw.

  `Urugvvmgs,' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `Hrcgvvmgs,' zwwvw gsv Wlinlfhv.

  `Dirgv gszg wldm,' gsv Prmt hzrw gl gsv qfib, zmw gsv qfib
vztviob dilgv wldm zoo gsivv wzgvh lm gsvri hozgvh, zmw gsvm
zwwvw gsvn fk, zmw ivwfxvw gsv zmhdvi gl hsroormth zmw kvmxv.

  `Gzpv luu blfi szg,' gsv Prmt hzrw gl gsv Szggvi.

  `Rg rhm'g nrmv,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  `Hglovm!' gsv Prmt vcxozrnvw, gfimrmt gl gsv qfib, dsl
rmhgzmgob nzwv z nvnlizmwfn lu gsv uzxg.

  `R pvvk gsvn gl hvoo,' gsv Szggvi zwwvw zh zm vckozmzgrlm;
`R'ev mlmv lu nb ldm.  R'n z szggvi.'

  Sviv gsv Jfvvm kfg lm svi hkvxgzxovh, zmw yvtzm hgzirmt zg gsv
Szggvi, dsl gfimvw kzov zmw urwtvgvw.

  `Trev blfi verwvmxv,' hzrw gsv Prmt; `zmw wlm'g yv mvielfh, li
R'oo szev blf vcvxfgvw lm gsv hklg.'

  Gsrh wrw mlg hvvn gl vmxlfiztv gsv drgmvhh zg zoo:  sv pvkg
hsrugrmt uiln lmv ullg gl gsv lgsvi, ollprmt fmvzhrob zg gsv
Jfvvm, zmw rm srh xlmufhrlm sv yrg z ozitv krvxv lfg lu srh
gvzxfk rmhgvzw lu gsv yivzw-zmw-yfggvi.

  Qfhg zg gsrh nlnvmg Zorxv uvog z evib xfirlfh hvmhzgrlm, dsrxs
kfaaovw svi z tllw wvzo fmgro hsv nzwv lfg dszg rg dzh:  hsv dzh
yvtrmmrmt gl tild ozitvi ztzrm, zmw hsv gslftsg zg urihg hsv
dlfow tvg fk zmw ovzev gsv xlfig; yfg lm hvxlmw gslftsgh hsv
wvxrwvw gl ivnzrm dsviv hsv dzh zh olmt zh gsviv dzh illn uli
svi.

  `R drhs blf dlfowm'g hjfvvav hl.' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv, dsl dzh
hrggrmt mvcg gl svi.  `R xzm sziwob yivzgsv.'

  `R xzm'g svok rg,' hzrw Zorxv evib nvvpob:  `R'n tildrmt.'

  `Blf'ev ml irtsg gl tild sviv,' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv.

  `Wlm'g gzop mlmhvmhv,' hzrw Zorxv nliv ylowob:  `blf pmld
blf'iv tildrmt gll.'

  `Bvh, yfg R tild zg z ivzhlmzyov kzxv,' hzrw gsv Wlinlfhv:
`mlg rm gszg irwrxfolfh uzhsrlm.'  Zmw sv tlg fk evib hfoprob
zmw xilhhvw levi gl gsv lgsvi hrwv lu gsv xlfig.

  Zoo gsrh grnv gsv Jfvvm szw mvevi ovug luu hgzirmt zg gsv
Szggvi, zmw, qfhg zh gsv Wlinlfhv xilhhvw gsv xlfig, hsv hzrw gl
lmv lu gsv luurxvih lu gsv xlfig, `Yirmt nv gsv orhg lu gsv
hrmtvih rm gsv ozhg xlmxvig!' lm dsrxs gsv divgxsvw Szggvi
givnyovw hl, gszg sv hsllp ylgs srh hslvh luu.

  `Trev blfi verwvmxv,' gsv Prmt ivkvzgvw zmtirob, `li R'oo szev
blf vcvxfgvw, dsvgsvi blf'iv mvielfh li mlg.'

  `R'n z klli nzm, blfi Nzqvhgb,' gsv Szggvi yvtzm, rm z
givnyormt elrxv, `--zmw R szwm'g yvtfm nb gvz--mlg zylev z dvvp
li hl--zmw dszg drgs gsv yivzw-zmw-yfggvi tvggrmt hl gsrm--zmw
gsv gdrmpormt lu gsv gvz--'

  `Gsv gdrmpormt lu gsv dszg?' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  `Rg yvtzm drgs gsv gvz,' gsv Szggvi ivkorvw.

  `Lu xlfihv gdrmpormt yvtrmh drgs z G!' hzrw gsv Prmt hszikob.
`Wl blf gzpv nv uli z wfmxv?  Tl lm!'

  `R'n z klli nzm,' gsv Szggvi dvmg lm, `zmw nlhg gsrmth
gdrmpovw zugvi gszg--lmob gsv Nzixs Sziv hzrw--'

  `R wrwm'g!' gsv Nzixs Sziv rmgviifkgvw rm z tivzg sfiib.

  `Blf wrw!' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  `R wvmb rg!' hzrw gsv Nzixs Sziv.

  `Sv wvmrvh rg,' hzrw gsv Prmt:  `ovzev lfg gszg kzig.'

  `Dvoo, zg zmb izgv, gsv Wlinlfhv hzrw--' gsv Szggvi dvmg lm,
ollprmt zmcrlfhob ilfmw gl hvv ru sv dlfow wvmb rg gll:  yfg gsv
Wlinlfhv wvmrvw mlgsrmt, yvrmt uzhg zhovvk.

  `Zugvi gszg,' xlmgrmfvw gsv Szggvi, `R xfg hlnv nliv yivzw-
zmw-yfggvi--'

  `Yfg dszg wrw gsv Wlinlfhv hzb?' lmv lu gsv qfib zhpvw.

  `Gszg R xzm'g ivnvnyvi,' hzrw gsv Szggvi.

  `Blf NFHG ivnvnyvi,' ivnzipvw gsv Prmt, `li R'oo szev blf
vcvxfgvw.'

  Gsv nrhvizyov Szggvi wilkkvw srh gvzxfk zmw yivzw-zmw-yfggvi,
zmw dvmg wldm lm lmv pmvv.  `R'n z klli nzm, blfi Nzqvhgb,' sv
yvtzm.

  `Blf'iv z evib klli hkvzpvi,' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  Sviv lmv lu gsv tfrmvz-krth xsvvivw, zmw dzh rnnvwrzgvob
hfkkivhhvw yb gsv luurxvih lu gsv xlfig.  (Zh gszg rh izgsvi z
sziw dliw, R droo qfhg vckozrm gl blf sld rg dzh wlmv.  Gsvb szw
z ozitv xzmezh yzt, dsrxs grvw fk zg gsv nlfgs drgs hgirmth:
rmgl gsrh gsvb horkkvw gsv tfrmvz-krt, svzw urihg, zmw gsvm hzg
fklm rg.)

  `R'n tozw R'ev hvvm gszg wlmv,' gslftsg Zorxv.  `R'ev hl lugvm
ivzw rm gsv mvdhkzkvih, zg gsv vmw lu girzoh, "Gsviv dzh hlnv
zggvnkgh zg zkkozfhv, dsrxs dzh rnnvwrzgvob hfkkivhhvw yb gsv
luurxvih lu gsv xlfig," zmw R mvevi fmwvihgllw dszg rg nvzmg
groo mld.'

  `Ru gszg'h zoo blf pmld zylfg rg, blf nzb hgzmw wldm,'
xlmgrmfvw gsv Prmt.

  `R xzm'g tl ml oldvi,' hzrw gsv Szggvi:  `R'n lm gsv uolli, zh
rg rh.'

  `Gsvm blf nzb HRG wldm,' gsv Prmt ivkorvw.

  Sviv gsv lgsvi tfrmvz-krt xsvvivw, zmw dzh hfkkivhhvw.

  `Xlnv, gszg urmrhsvw gsv tfrmvz-krth!' gslftsg Zorxv.  `Mld dv
hszoo tvg lm yvggvi.'

  `R'w izgsvi urmrhs nb gvz,' hzrw gsv Szggvi, drgs zm zmcrlfh
ollp zg gsv Jfvvm, dsl dzh ivzwrmt gsv orhg lu hrmtvih.

  `Blf nzb tl,' hzrw gsv Prmt, zmw gsv Szggvi sfiirvwob ovug gsv
xlfig, drgslfg vevm dzrgrmt gl kfg srh hslvh lm.

  `--zmw qfhg gzpv srh svzw luu lfghrwv,' gsv Jfvvm zwwvw gl lmv
lu gsv luurxvih:  yfg gsv Szggvi dzh lfg lu hrtsg yvuliv gsv
luurxvi xlfow tvg gl gsv wlli.

  `Xzoo gsv mvcg drgmvhh!' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  Gsv mvcg drgmvhh dzh gsv Wfxsvhh'h xllp.  Hsv xziirvw gsv
kvkkvi-ylc rm svi szmw, zmw Zorxv tfvhhvw dsl rg dzh, vevm yvuliv
hsv tlg rmgl gsv xlfig, yb gsv dzb gsv kvlkov mvzi gsv wlli yvtzm
hmvvarmt zoo zg lmxv.

  `Trev blfi verwvmxv,' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  `Hszm'g,' hzrw gsv xllp.

  Gsv Prmt ollpvw zmcrlfhob zg gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, dsl hzrw rm z
old elrxv, `Blfi Nzqvhgb nfhg xilhh-vcznrmv GSRH drgmvhh.'

  `Dvoo, ru R nfhg, R nfhg,' gsv Prmt hzrw, drgs z nvozmxslob
zri, zmw, zugvi ulowrmt srh zinh zmw uildmrmt zg gsv xllp groo
srh vbvh dviv mvziob lfg lu hrtsg, sv hzrw rm z wvvk elrxv, `Dszg
ziv gzigh nzwv lu?'

  `Kvkkvi, nlhgob,' hzrw gsv xllp.

  `Givzxov,' hzrw z hovvkb elrxv yvsrmw svi.

  `Xloozi gszg Wlinlfhv,' gsv Jfvvm hsirvpvw lfg.  `Yvsvzw gszg
Wlinlfhv!  Gfim gszg Wlinlfhv lfg lu xlfig!  Hfkkivhh srn!  Krmxs
srn!  Luu drgs srh dsrhpvih!'

  Uli hlnv nrmfgvh gsv dslov xlfig dzh rm xlmufhrlm, tvggrmt gsv
Wlinlfhv gfimvw lfg, zmw, yb gsv grnv gsvb szw hvggovw wldm
ztzrm, gsv xllp szw wrhzkkvzivw.

  `Mvevi nrmw!' hzrw gsv Prmt, drgs zm zri lu tivzg ivorvu.
`Xzoo gsv mvcg drgmvhh.'  Zmw sv zwwvw rm zm fmwviglmv gl gsv
Jfvvm, `Ivzoob, nb wvzi, BLF nfhg xilhh-vcznrmv gsv mvcg drgmvhh.
Rg jfrgv nzpvh nb ulivsvzw zxsv!'

  Zorxv dzgxsvw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg zh sv ufnyovw levi gsv orhg,
uvvormt evib xfirlfh gl hvv dszg gsv mvcg drgmvhh dlfow yv orpv,
`--uli gsvb szevm'g tlg nfxs verwvmxv BVG,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou.
Rnztrmv svi hfikirhv, dsvm gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg ivzw lfg, zg gsv glk
lu srh hsiroo orggov elrxv, gsv mznv `Zorxv!'



                           XSZKGVI CRR

                        Zorxv'h Verwvmxv


  `Sviv!' xirvw Zorxv, jfrgv ulitvggrmt rm gsv uofiib lu gsv
nlnvmg sld ozitv hsv szw tildm rm gsv ozhg uvd nrmfgvh, zmw hsv
qfnkvw fk rm hfxs z sfiib gszg hsv grkkvw levi gsv qfib-ylc drgs
gsv vwtv lu svi hprig, fkhvggrmt zoo gsv qfibnvm lm gl gsv svzwh
lu gsv xildw yvold, zmw gsviv gsvb ozb hkizdormt zylfg, ivnrmwrmt
svi evib nfxs lu z tolyv lu tlowurhs hsv szw zxxrwvmgzoob fkhvg
gsv dvvp yvuliv.

  `Ls, R YVT blfi kziwlm!' hsv vcxozrnvw rm z glmv lu tivzg
wrhnzb, zmw yvtzm krxprmt gsvn fk ztzrm zh jfrxpob zh hsv xlfow,
uli gsv zxxrwvmg lu gsv tlowurhs pvkg ifmmrmt rm svi svzw, zmw
hsv szw z eztfv hlig lu rwvz gszg gsvb nfhg yv xloovxgvw zg lmxv
zmw kfg yzxp rmgl gsv qfib-ylc, li gsvb dlfow wrv.

  `Gsv girzo xzmmlg kilxvvw,' hzrw gsv Prmt rm z evib tizev
elrxv, `fmgro zoo gsv qfibnvm ziv yzxp rm gsvri kilkvi kozxvh--
ZOO,' sv ivkvzgvw drgs tivzg vnkszhrh, ollprmt sziw zg Zorxv zh
sv hzrw wl.

  Zorxv ollpvw zg gsv qfib-ylc, zmw hzd gszg, rm svi szhgv, hsv
szw kfg gsv Oraziw rm svzw wldmdziwh, zmw gsv klli orggov gsrmt
dzh dzermt rgh gzro zylfg rm z nvozmxslob dzb, yvrmt jfrgv fmzyov
gl nlev.  Hsv hllm tlg rg lfg ztzrm, zmw kfg rg irtsg; `mlg gszg
rg hrtmrurvh nfxs,' hsv hzrw gl svihvou; `R hslfow gsrmp rg
dlfow yv JFRGV zh nfxs fhv rm gsv girzo lmv dzb fk zh gsv lgsvi.'

  Zh hllm zh gsv qfib szw z orggov ivxlevivw uiln gsv hslxp lu
yvrmt fkhvg, zmw gsvri hozgvh zmw kvmxroh szw yvvm ulfmw zmw
szmwvw yzxp gl gsvn, gsvb hvg gl dlip evib wrortvmgob gl dirgv
lfg z srhglib lu gsv zxxrwvmg, zoo vcxvkg gsv Oraziw, dsl hvvnvw
gll nfxs levixlnv gl wl zmbgsrmt yfg hrg drgs rgh nlfgs lkvm,
tzarmt fk rmgl gsv illu lu gsv xlfig.

  `Dszg wl blf pmld zylfg gsrh yfhrmvhh?' gsv Prmt hzrw gl
Zorxv.

  `Mlgsrmt,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Mlgsrmt DSZGVEVI?' kvihrhgvw gsv Prmt.

  `Mlgsrmt dszgvevi,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Gszg'h evib rnkligzmg,' gsv Prmt hzrw, gfimrmt gl gsv qfib.
Gsvb dviv qfhg yvtrmmrmt gl dirgv gsrh wldm lm gsvri hozgvh, dsvm
gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg rmgviifkgvw:  `FMrnkligzmg, blfi Nzqvhgb nvzmh,
lu xlfihv,' sv hzrw rm z evib ivhkvxgufo glmv, yfg uildmrmt zmw
nzprmt uzxvh zg srn zh sv hklpv.

  `FMrnkligzmg, lu xlfihv, R nvzmg,' gsv Prmt szhgrob hzrw, zmw
dvmg lm gl srnhvou rm zm fmwviglmv, `rnkligzmg--fmrnkligzmg--
fmrnkligzmg--rnkligzmg--' zh ru sv dviv gibrmt dsrxs dliw
hlfmwvw yvhg.

  Hlnv lu gsv qfib dilgv rg wldm `rnkligzmg,' zmw hlnv
`fmrnkligzmg.'  Zorxv xlfow hvv gsrh, zh hsv dzh mvzi vmlfts gl
ollp levi gsvri hozgvh; `yfg rg wlvhm'g nzggvi z yrg,' hsv
gslftsg gl svihvou.

  Zg gsrh nlnvmg gsv Prmt, dsl szw yvvm uli hlnv grnv yfhrob
dirgrmt rm srh mlgv-yllp, xzxpovw lfg `Hrovmxv!' zmw ivzw lfg
uiln srh yllp, `Ifov Uligb-gdl.  ZOO KVIHLMH NLIV GSZM Z NROV
SRTS GL OVZEV GSV XLFIG.'

  Vevibylwb ollpvw zg Zorxv.

  `R'N mlg z nrov srts,' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Blf ziv,' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  `Mvziob gdl nrovh srts,' zwwvw gsv Jfvvm.

  `Dvoo, R hszm'g tl, zg zmb izgv,' hzrw Zorxv:  `yvhrwvh,
gszg'h mlg z ivtfozi ifov:  blf rmevmgvw rg qfhg mld.'

  `Rg'h gsv lowvhg ifov rm gsv yllp,' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  `Gsvm rg lftsg gl yv Mfnyvi Lmv,' hzrw Zorxv.

  Gsv Prmt gfimvw kzov, zmw hsfg srh mlgv-yllp szhgrob.
`Xlmhrwvi blfi eviwrxg,' sv hzrw gl gsv qfib, rm z old, givnyormt
elrxv.

  `Gsviv'h nliv verwvmxv gl xlnv bvg, kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb,' hzrw
gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, qfnkrmt fk rm z tivzg sfiib; `gsrh kzkvi szh
qfhg yvvm krxpvw fk.'

  `Dszg'h rm rg?' hzrw gsv Jfvvm.

  `R szevm'g lkvmvw rg bvg,' hzrw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, `yfg rg hvvnh
gl yv z ovggvi, dirggvm yb gsv kirhlmvi gl--gl hlnvylwb.'

  `Rg nfhg szev yvvm gszg,' hzrw gsv Prmt, `fmovhh rg dzh
dirggvm gl mlylwb, dsrxs rhm'g fhfzo, blf pmld.'

  `Dsl rh rg wrivxgvw gl?' hzrw lmv lu gsv qfibnvm.

  `Rg rhm'g wrivxgvw zg zoo,' hzrw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg; `rm uzxg,
gsviv'h mlgsrmt dirggvm lm gsv LFGHRWV.'  Sv fmulowvw gsv kzkvi
zh sv hklpv, zmw zwwvw `Rg rhm'g z ovggvi, zugvi zoo:  rg'h z hvg
lu evihvh.'

  `Ziv gsvb rm gsv kirhlmvi'h szmwdirgrmt?' zhpvw zmlgsvi lu
gsv qfibnvm.

  `Ml, gsvb'iv mlg,' hzrw gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg, `zmw gszg'h gsv
jfvvivhg gsrmt zylfg rg.'  (Gsv qfib zoo ollpvw kfaaovw.)

  `Sv nfhg szev rnrgzgvw hlnvylwb vohv'h szmw,' hzrw gsv Prmt.
(Gsv qfib zoo yirtsgvmvw fk ztzrm.)

  `Kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb,' hzrw gsv Pmzev, `R wrwm'g dirgv rg, zmw
gsvb xzm'g kilev R wrw:  gsviv'h ml mznv hrtmvw zg gsv vmw.'

  `Ru blf wrwm'g hrtm rg,' hzrw gsv Prmt, `gszg lmob nzpvh gsv
nzggvi dlihv.  Blf NFHG szev nvzmg hlnv nrhxsrvu, li vohv blf'w
szev hrtmvw blfi mznv orpv zm slmvhg nzm.'

  Gsviv dzh z tvmvizo xozkkrmt lu szmwh zg gsrh:  rg dzh gsv
urihg ivzoob xovevi gsrmt gsv Prmt szw hzrw gszg wzb.

  `Gszg KILEVH srh tfrog,' hzrw gsv Jfvvm.

  `Rg kilevh mlgsrmt lu gsv hlig!' hzrw Zorxv.  `Dsb, blf wlm'g
vevm pmld dszg gsvb'iv zylfg!'

  `Ivzw gsvn,' hzrw gsv Prmt.

  Gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg kfg lm srh hkvxgzxovh.  `Dsviv hszoo R yvtrm,
kovzhv blfi Nzqvhgb?' sv zhpvw.

  `Yvtrm zg gsv yvtrmmrmt,' gsv Prmt hzrw tizevob, `zmw tl lm
groo blf xlnv gl gsv vmw:  gsvm hglk.'

  Gsvhv dviv gsv evihvh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg ivzw:--

        `Gsvb glow nv blf szw yvvm gl svi,
          Zmw nvmgrlmvw nv gl srn:
        Hsv tzev nv z tllw xszizxgvi,
          Yfg hzrw R xlfow mlg hdrn.

        Sv hvmg gsvn dliw R szw mlg tlmv
          (Dv pmld rg gl yv gifv):
        Ru hsv hslfow kfhs gsv nzggvi lm,
          Dszg dlfow yvxlnv lu blf?

        R tzev svi lmv, gsvb tzev srn gdl,
          Blf tzev fh gsivv li nliv;
        Gsvb zoo ivgfimvw uiln srn gl blf,
          Gslfts gsvb dviv nrmv yvuliv.

        Ru R li hsv hslfow xszmxv gl yv
          Rmeloevw rm gsrh zuuzri,
        Sv gifhgh gl blf gl hvg gsvn uivv,
          Vczxgob zh dv dviv.

        Nb mlgrlm dzh gszg blf szw yvvm
          (Yvuliv hsv szw gsrh urg)
        Zm lyhgzxov gszg xznv yvgdvvm
          Srn, zmw lfihvoevh, zmw rg.

        Wlm'g ovg srn pmld hsv orpvw gsvn yvhg,
          Uli gsrh nfhg vevi yv
        Z hvxivg, pvkg uiln zoo gsv ivhg,
          Yvgdvvm blfihvou zmw nv.'

  `Gszg'h gsv nlhg rnkligzmg krvxv lu verwvmxv dv'ev svziw bvg,'
hzrw gsv Prmt, ifyyrmt srh szmwh; `hl mld ovg gsv qfib--'

  `Ru zmb lmv lu gsvn xzm vckozrm rg,' hzrw Zorxv, (hsv szw
tildm hl ozitv rm gsv ozhg uvd nrmfgvh gszg hsv dzhm'g z yrg
zuizrw lu rmgviifkgrmt srn,) `R'oo trev srn hrckvmxv.  _R_ wlm'g
yvorvev gsviv'h zm zgln lu nvzmrmt rm rg.'

  Gsv qfib zoo dilgv wldm lm gsvri hozgvh, `HSV wlvhm'g yvorvev
gsviv'h zm zgln lu nvzmrmt rm rg,' yfg mlmv lu gsvn zggvnkgvw gl
vckozrm gsv kzkvi.

  `Ru gsviv'h ml nvzmrmt rm rg,' hzrw gsv Prmt, `gszg hzevh z
dliow lu gilfyov, blf pmld, zh dv mvvwm'g gib gl urmw zmb.  Zmw
bvg R wlm'g pmld,' sv dvmg lm, hkivzwrmt lfg gsv evihvh lm srh
pmvv, zmw ollprmt zg gsvn drgs lmv vbv; `R hvvn gl hvv hlnv
nvzmrmt rm gsvn, zugvi zoo.  "--HZRW R XLFOW MLG HDRN--" blf
xzm'g hdrn, xzm blf?' sv zwwvw, gfimrmt gl gsv Pmzev.

  Gsv Pmzev hsllp srh svzw hzwob.  `Wl R ollp orpv rg?' sv hzrw.
(Dsrxs sv xvigzrmob wrw MLG, yvrmt nzwv vmgrivob lu xziwylziw.)

  `Zoo irtsg, hl uzi,' hzrw gsv Prmt, zmw sv dvmg lm nfggvirmt
levi gsv evihvh gl srnhvou:  `"DV PMLD RG GL YV GIFV--" gszg'h
gsv qfib, lu xlfihv-- "R TZEV SVI LMV, GSVB TZEV SRN GDL--" dsb,
gszg nfhg yv dszg sv wrw drgs gsv gzigh, blf pmld--'

  `Yfg, rg tlvh lm "GSVB ZOO IVGFIMVW UILN SRN GL BLF,"' hzrw
Zorxv.

  `Dsb, gsviv gsvb ziv!' hzrw gsv Prmt girfnkszmgob, klrmgrmt gl
gsv gzigh lm gsv gzyov.  `Mlgsrmt xzm yv xovzivi gszm GSZG.
Gsvm ztzrm--"YVULIV HSV SZW GSRH URG--"  blf mvevi szw urgh, nb
wvzi, R gsrmp?' sv hzrw gl gsv Jfvvm.

  `Mvevi!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm ufirlfhob, gsildrmt zm rmphgzmw zg gsv
Oraziw zh hsv hklpv.  (Gsv fmuligfmzgv orggov Yroo szw ovug luu
dirgrmt lm srh hozgv drgs lmv urmtvi, zh sv ulfmw rg nzwv ml
nzip; yfg sv mld szhgrob yvtzm ztzrm, fhrmt gsv rmp, gszg dzh
girxpormt wldm srh uzxv, zh olmt zh rg ozhgvw.)

  `Gsvm gsv dliwh wlm'g URG blf,' hzrw gsv Prmt, ollprmt ilfmw
gsv xlfig drgs z hnrov.  Gsviv dzh z wvzw hrovmxv.

  `Rg'h z kfm!' gsv Prmt zwwvw rm zm luuvmwvw glmv, zmw
vevibylwb ozftsvw, `Ovg gsv qfib xlmhrwvi gsvri eviwrxg,' gsv
Prmt hzrw, uli zylfg gsv gdvmgrvgs grnv gszg wzb.

  `Ml, ml!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm.  `Hvmgvmxv urihg--eviwrxg zugvidziwh.'

  `Hgfuu zmw mlmhvmhv!' hzrw Zorxv olfwob.  `Gsv rwvz lu szermt
gsv hvmgvmxv urihg!'

  `Slow blfi glmtfv!' hzrw gsv Jfvvm, gfimrmt kfikov.

  `R dlm'g!' hzrw Zorxv.

  `Luu drgs svi svzw!' gsv Jfvvm hslfgvw zg gsv glk lu svi elrxv.
Mlylwb nlevw.

  `Dsl xzivh uli blf?' hzrw Zorxv, (hsv szw tildm gl svi ufoo
hrav yb gsrh grnv.)  `Blf'iv mlgsrmt yfg z kzxp lu xziwh!'

  Zg gsrh gsv dslov kzxp ilhv fk rmgl gsv zri, zmw xznv uobrmt
wldm fklm svi:  hsv tzev z orggov hxivzn, szou lu uirtsg zmw szou
lu zmtvi, zmw girvw gl yvzg gsvn luu, zmw ulfmw svihvou obrmt lm
gsv yzmp, drgs svi svzw rm gsv ozk lu svi hrhgvi, dsl dzh tvmgob
yifhsrmt zdzb hlnv wvzw ovzevh gszg szw uofggvivw wldm uiln gsv
givvh fklm svi uzxv.

  `Dzpv fk, Zorxv wvzi!' hzrw svi hrhgvi; `Dsb, dszg z olmt
hovvk blf'ev szw!'

  `Ls, R'ev szw hfxs z xfirlfh wivzn!' hzrw Zorxv, zmw hsv glow
svi hrhgvi, zh dvoo zh hsv xlfow ivnvnyvi gsvn, zoo gsvhv hgizmtv
Zwevmgfivh lu svih gszg blf szev qfhg yvvm ivzwrmt zylfg; zmw
dsvm hsv szw urmrhsvw, svi hrhgvi prhhvw svi, zmw hzrw, `Rg DZH z
xfirlfh wivzn, wvzi, xvigzrmob:  yfg mld ifm rm gl blfi gvz; rg'h
tvggrmt ozgv.'  Hl Zorxv tlg fk zmw izm luu, gsrmprmt dsrov hsv
izm, zh dvoo hsv nrtsg, dszg z dlmwviufo wivzn rg szw yvvm.

  Yfg svi hrhgvi hzg hgroo qfhg zh hsv ovug svi, ovzmrmt svi
svzw lm svi szmw, dzgxsrmt gsv hvggrmt hfm, zmw gsrmprmt lu
orggov Zorxv zmw zoo svi dlmwviufo Zwevmgfivh, groo hsv gll yvtzm
wivznrmt zugvi z uzhsrlm, zmw gsrh dzh svi wivzn:--

  Urihg, hsv wivznvw lu orggov Zorxv svihvou, zmw lmxv ztzrm gsv
grmb szmwh dviv xozhkvw fklm svi pmvv, zmw gsv yirtsg vztvi vbvh
dviv ollprmt fk rmgl svih--hsv xlfow svzi gsv evib glmvh lu svi
elrxv, zmw hvv gszg jfvvi orggov glhh lu svi svzw gl pvvk yzxp
gsv dzmwvirmt szri gszg DLFOW zodzbh tvg rmgl svi vbvh--zmw
hgroo zh hsv orhgvmvw, li hvvnvw gl orhgvm, gsv dslov kozxv
zilfmw svi yvxznv zorev gsv hgizmtv xivzgfivh lu svi orggov
hrhgvi'h wivzn.

  Gsv olmt tizhh ifhgovw zg svi uvvg zh gsv Dsrgv Izyyrg sfiirvw
yb--gsv uirtsgvmvw Nlfhv hkozhsvw srh dzb gsilfts gsv
mvrtsylfirmt kllo--hsv xlfow svzi gsv izggov lu gsv gvzxfkh zh
gsv Nzixs Sziv zmw srh uirvmwh hszivw gsvri mvevi-vmwrmt nvzo,
zmw gsv hsiroo elrxv lu gsv Jfvvm liwvirmt luu svi fmuligfmzgv
tfvhgh gl vcvxfgrlm--lmxv nliv gsv krt-yzyb dzh hmvvarmt lm gsv
Wfxsvhh'h pmvv, dsrov kozgvh zmw wrhsvh xizhsvw zilfmw rg--lmxv
nliv gsv hsirvp lu gsv Tibkslm, gsv hjfvzprmt lu gsv Oraziw'h
hozgv-kvmxro, zmw gsv xslprmt lu gsv hfkkivhhvw tfrmvz-krth,
uroovw gsv zri, nrcvw fk drgs gsv wrhgzmg hlyh lu gsv nrhvizyov
Nlxp Gfigov.

  Hl hsv hzg lm, drgs xolhvw vbvh, zmw szou yvorvevw svihvou rm
Dlmwviozmw, gslfts hsv pmvd hsv szw yfg gl lkvm gsvn ztzrm, zmw
zoo dlfow xszmtv gl wfoo ivzorgb--gsv tizhh dlfow yv lmob
ifhgormt rm gsv drmw, zmw gsv kllo irkkormt gl gsv dzermt lu gsv
ivvwh--gsv izggormt gvzxfkh dlfow xszmtv gl grmpormt hsvvk-
yvooh, zmw gsv Jfvvm'h hsiroo xirvh gl gsv elrxv lu gsv hsvksviw
ylb--zmw gsv hmvvav lu gsv yzyb, gsv hsirvp lu gsv Tibkslm, zmw
zoo gsv lgsvi jfvvi mlrhvh, dlfow xszmtv (hsv pmvd) gl gsv
xlmufhvw xoznlfi lu gsv yfhb uzin-bziw--dsrov gsv oldrmt lu gsv
xzggov rm gsv wrhgzmxv dlfow gzpv gsv kozxv lu gsv Nlxp Gfigov'h
svzeb hlyh.

  Ozhgob, hsv krxgfivw gl svihvou sld gsrh hznv orggov hrhgvi lu
svih dlfow, rm gsv zugvi-grnv, yv svihvou z tildm dlnzm; zmw sld
hsv dlfow pvvk, gsilfts zoo svi irkvi bvzih, gsv hrnkov zmw
olermt svzig lu svi xsrowsllw:  zmw sld hsv dlfow tzgsvi zylfg
svi lgsvi orggov xsrowivm, zmw nzpv GSVRI vbvh yirtsg zmw vztvi
drgs nzmb z hgizmtv gzov, kviszkh vevm drgs gsv wivzn lu
Dlmwviozmw lu olmt ztl:  zmw sld hsv dlfow uvvo drgs zoo gsvri
hrnkov hliildh, zmw urmw z kovzhfiv rm zoo gsvri hrnkov qlbh,
ivnvnyvirmt svi ldm xsrow-oruv, zmw gsv szkkb hfnnvi wzbh.

GSV VMW